Counsel also argued that in her deposition PW-4 deposed that the accused used to watch blue movies in the house and on one occasion, when she came back from her paternal house, her daughter told her that the accused was watching blue movies and one lady came to the house and at that time some friends of the accused also came in the house and they were doing some obscene activities.
The Hon'ble Supreme Court in Aman Kumar vs. State of Haryana, 2004(4) SCC 379, held that where there is no material to show that the accused was determined to have sexual intercourse, the offence cannot be said to be an attempt to commit rape to attract culpability under Sections 376/511 IPC and the case can be one of indecent assault upon a woman.
One week thereafter, her friend Aarti told her that Ajay has made an obscene video of his and of her (prosecutrix) in her (Aarti) mobile phone, then she asked Ajay regarding this video on which he said that he has prepared this video to defame her and if she disclosed about his video to anyone or will make the complaint with the police then he will kill her, due to this fear she did not make any complaint to the police.
The video was seen by her as it was transmitted by accused on her mobile phone and the same was found to be obscene depicting accused Ajay removing the clothes of prosecutrix (name withheld) and was kissing.
Aarti had told me that on her mobile phone an obscene video depicting me and accused Ajay has been forwarded.
I had asked accused Ajay regarding the said obscene video.
accused Ajay had told me that no such obscene video has been prepared nor he is having any such obscene video.
Accused Ajay had not told me that such obscene video has been prepared in order to defame me.
It is wrong to suggest that accused Ajay had told me that such obscene video has been prepared in order to defame me or that 
accused Ajay had threatened me, if I will disclose about the said video then he will kill me.
PP for the State that she had not told to any official in the hospital or to any police official regarding intimidation and pressure of Aarti as no such intimidation or pressure was made or exhorted (exerted) by Aarti upon her or that accused Ajay had told her that such obscene video had been prepared in order to defame her or that accused Ajay had threatened her, if she will disclose about the said video then he will kill her or that Aarti was not present at the time of her counseling with the 
NGO or that she had informed her father about the committal of rape upon her by accused Ajay and thereupon, her father accompanied her to PS or that 15 days prior to 20/06/2013, she went to the basement of the Hospital for taking register and then she saw that accused Ajay was standing near a room or that accused Ajay called her and made her to smell something 48 of 58 49 
FIR No.
The video was seen by me as it was transmitted by accused on my mobile phone and the same was found to be obscene depicting accused Ajay removing the clothes of prosecutrix (name withheld) and was kissing.
Witness has further deposed that again on the occasion of the Shivratri of February, 2012, the accused Mool Chand met his wife in the market and told her that he would be coming to their house and he again came to their house and tried to commit rape upon his wife and his wife opposed he threatened her saying that he had made a obscene film of his wife which he would show 
to everybody in Mukundpur and Sonepat.
(58) Eighthly the allegations of the prosecutrix that the accused Mool Chand had been threatening her that he had made some obscene films belonging to her, does not stand established and substantiated.
No obscene film has been recovered by the police.
Further, the allegations of the prosecutrix that the accused Mool Chand had been threatening her, that he had made some obscene films belonging to her, does not stand established and substantiated since no obscene film has been recovered by the police.
There was preparation to commit rape which the Trial Court rightly found to be an offence of indecent assault punishable under Section 354 IPC.
When she along with her siblings used to play in the street, one person (later identified to be the appellant) used to come and indulge himself in indecent behaviour.
A brief analysis of the same is undertaken hereunder:- Signature Not Verified Digitally Signed By:SANGEETA ANAND Signing Date:05.01.2022 13:51:40 Firstly, the child victim deposed during her examination that she had apprised her mother about the indecent behaviour of the appellant 3- 4 days prior to the lodging of the FIR.
Hence, it is not a mere case of kidnapping for indecent assault but the purpose for which kidnapping was done by the accused 
has been Page 17 of 23 proved.
In her testimony, the victim stated that Rakesh called her on her cell phone and threatened to show her obscene video to her 
family members.
He was committing indecent acts with the children.
He committed indecent acts with the children.
PW-3, another daughter/victim, recorded to be aged 4 years narrated that the appellant did indecent acts with her as well as 
her sister.
She further stated that her mother was working in the houses of other people and in the absence of her mother, the appellant 
did indecent acts with her.
She has herself not seen her obscene video.
She had narrated the incident of rape to her husband on the same day but she did not lodge any complaint immediately as she was scared of accused that he would put her obscene video on internet.
57.It can be seen that the prosecutrix has made several contradictions, variations, inconsistencies and improvements in her different statements regarding the back drop of the case, the preparation of her obscene video, her seeing the obscene video, 
her rape by the accused, the date of incident, who went with her to the Police Station etc.
The prosecutrix has also deposed that Ms.C had seen her obscene video.
12/11 State Vs. Rajender Singh Rautela Page 11 of 20 25.12.2010 when the accused came in front of her house, it was evening time and accused made obscene gestures and blew horn of his scooter.
Moreover, in the statement dated 29.12.2010 Ex.PW1/A the complainant is silent about obscene gestures.
Consequent upon the above discussion, reasons and evidence on record and particularly discussed here in above, it is held that prosecution has failed to prove its case against the accused Rajender Singh Rautela beyond any reasonable suspicion or shadow of doubt that either he committed rape on prosecutrix or he cheated her and obtained alleged money from her or he made obscene SC No.
Accused also threatened her that he had prepared an obscene CD of the said incident and that he would make the said CD public, if she refuses to come to the temple.
Soon thereafter when the Prosecutrix returned to her home, she received a phone call from the son of the accused namely Sahil, who called her to Kamla Nagar by saying that they had with them her obscene CD which they would make public and defame her 
if she would not leave Delhi within 2/3 days.
Accused also told her that if she will not come to the Mandir, he will spoil her life and on her insistence that she would not come to the Mandir, accused threatened her that he had prepared an obscene CD of the said incident.
She further deposed that after about 2/3 days, she was called by the son of the accused namely Sahil Kapoor at Kamla Nagar and she went to Kamla Nagar and met with the son of accused, who told her that he had with him her obscene CD which he would make public by converting the same into MMS.
Learned Addl.PP argued that the Prosecutrix (PW­2) claimed that the accused used to threaten her by saying her that he had prepared an obscene CD of the said incident and thereby he compelled her to come to the Mandir and again sexually exploited her under the same threat.
The said persons kept on roaming on the road for two hours and behaved with her indecently.
She further deposed that accused persons were consuming liquor in the car and behaving indecently with her.
Accused persons kept on roaming for two hours and behaved indecently with the prosecutrix.
The contents of this letter are very frank and obscene and no person in their right mind will allow any other person to have 
such letters against their will.
During her relationship, the accused made an obscene film clip of the prosecutrix about which she came to know subsequently. 
Prosecutrix demanded her obscene film from the accused but the accused threatened her to put the same on the net.
Accused Lalit @ Ajay @ Pinku was arrested in this case and his one day police custody remand was obtained for recovery of alleged CD and obscene video film.
She denied that she stated to the police that the accused had made her obscene video film.
She also denied that the accused threatened her that he will put her obscene video on Internet.
As noted above, no obscene video clip of the prosecutrix is shown to have been recovered from the possession of accused Lalit @ Ajay @ Pinku.
Accused Jagjeet Singh has been charge sheeted by Police Station Nihal Vihar, Delhi for the offences under sections 354B/354C/354D/323/376/450/506/511 354B/354C/354D/323/376/450/506/511 of the Indian Penal Code (hereinafter referred to as the IPC) on 
the allegations that since two years prior to 15/11/2014 accused had made obscene video of the prosecutrix, while she was -:: Page 1 of 26 ::- -:: 2 ::- bathing and forcibly made physical relations with her on the pretext of making the said obscene video public and thereafter accused outraged the modesty of the prosecutrix by tearing her wearing clothes and also gave beatings to her.
The accused came to her house in her absence and shown the obscene photographs to her son aged about 13 years and disclosed about his relationship with her.
Accused used to take her obscene photographs when he used to take her to Laxmi Nagar.
On the other hand, Sh Subhash Chauhan, Ld Additional -:: Page 9 of 26 ::- -:: 10 ::- P.P had submitted that prosecutrix had specifically stated in her examination in chief that she was sexually assaulted by the accused for about 2­3 years prior to the date of lodging of the FIR, on the pretext of having her obscene video with him, which the accused had allegedly taken at the time when the prosecutrix was taking bath.
The first incident as alleged against the accused is in respect to the incident, which had taken place three years prior to 15/11/2014, when allegedly accused had made video of the prosecutrix, while she was taking bath and accused had forced allegedly the prosecutrix to maintain physical -:: Page 10 of 26 ::- -:: 11 ::- relations with him on the pretext of making this obscene video public.
Even the son of the prosecutrix has not been examined by the prosecution, therefore, it has not been proved beyond reasonable doubt against the accused that accused had prepared any obscene video of the prosecutrix being engaged in private act in circumstance where she would usually have the expectation of not being observed by any other.
Ajay and one boy named Rohit with whom she was acquainted were also present there, she further deposed that she was taken to 
the second floor of office/house of Ajay and saw that two revolvers were lying on the table and glasses in which if water would be poured than obscene pictures would appear.
 I told the police and Metropolitan Magistrate that there were some glasses in which if the water would pour, the obscene photographs could appear in the glasses.
Patni (PW.148) and press reporter of a daily News paper Santosh Gupta (PW.47) and ignoring the evidence of Pushpa Sindhi (PW.23), the learned trial judge observed that Articles 1, 2 and 4 were obscene photographs of Pushpa Sindhi, Kailash Soni and Parvej and they were guilty of committing offences under Sections 120-B, 376/120-B and 292/120-B of the Indian Penal Code.     
Against him the allegation was that he being an active partner of Ajmer Colour Lab got developed prints of obscene photographs in order to sexually abusing the girls to facilitate their continual exploitation.
On the basis of the testimony of the hostile witnesses an inference was drawn by the learned trial judge that there was a dispute about photographs, it was held by the learned trial judge that Harish Tolani was a partner of Ajmer Colour Lab and he had knowledge that obscene photographs were printed and developed in his Lab.
No obscene photograph was recovered by the investigating officer at the instance of the appellants Mahesh and Harish.        
There is absolutely no evidence on the record which could establish that appellant Anwar had ever circulated obscene photographs.
There is absolutely no evidence to establish that Maradona ever abated the offence of circulation of obscene photographs or enter into criminal conspiracy with the other co-accused persons.
There is no legal evidence which could establish that the appellant Puttan committed the offence of rape or abated the said offence or was ever involved in circulating the obscene photographs.
there is no evidence on record which could suggest that appellant Puttan was ever involved in blackmailing the girls after using their obscene photographs.
Another submission canvassed on behalf of appellants Anwar and Maradona was that charge under Section 376 1PC was not found proved against them by the learned trial judge and from the evidence adduced against them by the prosecution they can not be held guilty for abating the offence of rape and circulating the obscene photographs.
Her daughter complained her that she was taken upstairs by the priest and made her to fold her hands before the God and he did the indecent act with her.
It was alleged on May 22, 2013 at about 7.00 PM when he was standing outside his house, said person came there and passed indecent gestures and stated aaja lele and pointed out towards his penis.
Prosecution has set up a case that on May 22, 2013 at about 7 PM when PW4 came out from his house, he saw that accused was standing there and passed some indecent gestures, consequently, he informed his father on phone, who also reached the spot and 
apprehended the accused.
PW4 in his examination-in-chief deposed that accused passed indecent gestures from his eyes.
134/13 Page 16 of 21 State Vs. Laxmi Kant Tiwari Ganj Railway Colony and at that time he had only passed some indecent gestures from distance.
He had in his possession some obscene photographs of the victim and the accused.
The accused prepared some obscene video clips of the informant on the basis of which he blackmailed the victim.
He arrested the accused, on the basis of information given by the informer and from his possession a mobile Nokia C-3 was recovered about which the accused confessed that it was having obscene videos of the victim.
Under this, the obscene and vulgar photographs of the victim and accused were loaded.
were also traced on which obscene and vulgar videos of the victim were loaded at You Tube.Com.
who got a print of the facebook account and got it certified in which there were obscene and vulgar photographs of the accused and victim.
The victim has also stated that the accused had uploaded her videos and obscene pictures on the internet but the offence under I.T.
Act was not proved before the trial court besides there is nothing on record to show by which mobile, these photographs were 
uploaded, who uploaded them from which device they were uploaded, thus, the allegations that the accused uploaded the obscene and vulgar videos and photographs of the prosecutrix do not stand proved by the prosecution.
The complete prosecution story has rested upon the evidence of the victim, whose testimony was accepted by the trial court as worthy of credence but we cannot loose sight of the fact that the victim being a major lady was all along moving at various 
places with the accused even when she came to know that the accused had some vulgar and obscene sexual videos and photographs of her.
in this case have added insult to injury by the manner in which they have conducted the investigation, inasmuch as PW-6 Ashok Kumar Sisodia has admitted that the room in which the obscene photographs were clicked was not visited by him.
The obscene videos were uploaded, although when any video has to be loaded on the internet a URL number has to be generated by which its link can be identified.
He threatened the appellant-complainant of having in possession her obscene movies and he would upload the same on internet.
He then bolted the door from inside and started doing obscene activities.
The accused also threatened her not to narrate the incidents to anyone, otherwise he would kill her children and husband and 
upload her obscene photographs on the net.
In her examination-in-chief, the prosecutrix testified that the accused had taken advantage of the door of the bathroom being opened and had prepared an obscene video.
Her explanation for the delay is that she was under constant threat by the appellant that he would upload her obscene video on the net.
However, it is in evidence that her husband had made a compliant on 10.05.2014 inter alia alleging that the appellant used to make obscene calls to the prosecutrix.
The explanation that she had refrained from making a complaint under the fear of threats from the appellant appears insubstantial considering that a complaint was made against him, albeit, limited to alleging receipt of obscene calls.
Although the appellant's phone was seized, there is no scientific evidence to establish that any obscene video was made.     
She alleged that after marriage, she came to know that her husband is a drug addict and taking advantage of bad habit of her 
husband, her father in law started behaving indecently.
In the complaint lodged belatedly on 05.08.2002, serious allegations have been levelled against A-1 aged about 50 years; she 
was projected to be a lady of immoral character who could indulge in indecent sexual assault to gratify her lust / passion and that too to the knowledge of juvenile son.
She alleged that petitioner No.1 firstly on the pretext of marriage sexually assaulted her against her wishes and thereafter 
clicked her obscene photographs.
She alleged that on 26.08.2021, petitioner No.1 told her that in case she comes out of her house, he would return her obscene photographs, but thereafter sexually assaulted her in a Kayarda Hotel.
Though the case of prosecution primarily is under POCSO Act, where the prosecutrix (with date of birth: 26.05.1999) was allegedly taken to Rewalsar perforce, yet after going through the statements of witnesses on record, one cannot help but notice that as per prosecutrix, accused in past also used to indulge in minor obscene activities, which were objected by her.
There are no specific allegations that any obscene photographs of prosecutrix were clicked by the accused either on 26.02.2014 or 28.10.2015.
In this regard, hereinafter:- r to contents of SFL report Ext.PW-28/A, may be reproduced "Recorded obscene video and clicked 
obscene photographs of the girl as shown in photograph marked as C-2 could neither be found in the data extracted from mobile phone marked as Ext.1 nor in the data extracted from memory card marked as Q-1.
However, clicked photographs of the girl having face appearing similar to the face of girl shown in photograph marked as C-2, clicked obscene photographs of girls and recorded obscene videos were found to be present in the data extracted from memory 
card marked as Q-1 whereas clicked photographs of the girl having face appearing similar to the face of girl shown in photograph marked as C-2 and clicked obscene photographs of girls were found to be present in the data extracted from mobile phone ::: Downloaded on - 18/10/2019 20:24:24 :::HCHP 12 marked as Ex.1.
The above report conclusively says that obscene .
Her further case is that on her refusal, the accused started beating her and threatened to upload her obscene photographs on 
the internet.
Her statement in this regard is:- It is highly improbable that accused admittedly accompanied by his wife on 11.03.2016, in presence of his wife, would ask the prosecutrix to accompany him to the hotel in Rewalsar or else, would threaten her with uploading her obscene photographs on the internet.
The trial court framed charges against the accuseds, Mahboob Pandey, Abid Bhatola and Yaseen, under Sections 147, 363, 366, 376, 323/149, 504, 506 IPC and ¾ Indecent Representation of Woman (Prohibition), Act, 1986.
933 of 2011, the prosecutrix filed an application for amendment of charges against Mahboob Pandey, Abid Bhatola and Yaseen and Nawab and therefore, the charges were amended and fresh charges were framed under Sections 147, 363, 366, 376 (2)(g), 323/149, 504, 506 IPC and ¾ Indecent Representation of Woman (Prohibition), Act, 1986.
The charges under Section ¾ Indecent Representation of Woman (Prohibition) Act, 1986 was also dropped since the prosecution could not prove the allegation that the accuseds made her blue film.
All the appellants have been accordingly convicted and sentenced while acquitting them of charges under Sections 366, 323 read with Sections 149, 504 IPC and Section ¾ of Indecent Representation of Woman (Prohibition) Act, 1986.
The clipping is very obscene.
Thereafter, the aforesaid persons made the daughter of the applicant sit on the motorcycle and went to Sadabad and other places where they started doing unbecoming/obscene behaviour with the girl of the applicant and started making video clipping and intimidated her by saying that we will kill all members of your family and make this video known to every one, if you dared 
to tell about it to anybody else, you and your family members will not be able to face the society.
I am coming here alongwith his mobile in which there is an obscene video of my daughter.
At some distance of Sadabad Chungi, on two motorcycles Sanjay, Dara Singh, Ilu alias Ram Naresh, Pankaj, Ramu and Ravi came and stopped the motorcycle and said to her that " lkyh vkt gkFk yxh gS rsjk ihNk dkQh fnuksa ls dj jgsa Fks" They got her and 
Dhirendra sat on their motorcycle by force and came to a lonely place and attempted to rape the victim, they take Dhirendra and Rekha (victim) to Koopa field, where they done marpeet with Dhirendra and the victim and attempted to do obscene behaviour with the victim, on being protested they make video.
It has not been specifically come in prosecution evidence that what obscene act are made during video clipping in the incident.
Thereafter respondent Nos.4 and 5 have threatened the petitioners, abused them and used obscene language and hence four FIRs 
and one NCR was got registered by the petitioners against the respondent Nos.4 and 5 at PS Anand Parbat.
He met the complainant on the way, overpowered her various times and abused her in filthy language and also threatened to liquidate the younger brother and parents and sent her obscene messages on her mobile phone and continued threatening the complainant.
On the way, accused Bhim also joined and then accused Rajender and accused Bhim committed rape upon her and whereas accused Vijender took obscene photographs of her.
She was threatened not to disclose about the incident of rape to anyone lest they would show her obscene photographs to State vs. Rajender Meena and ors.
Her mother PW 4 in the meanwhile, had lodged a missing report and she was brought to police post Jungpura wherein PW 3, allegedly under the pressure of publicizing of her obscene photographs, gave a statement in favour of accused Rajender and accused Bhim.
There again accused Rajender and accused Bhim committed rape upon her and took her obscene photographs.
26 to accused Rajender as an unmarried person by his own brother-in-law accused Bhim; b) the prosecutrix alleged that she was abducted by accused Rajender and accused Vijender on 22.07.2010; raped by accused Rajender and accused Bhim while accused Vijender took her obscene photographs; c) on 24.07.2010 accused Rajender took her to Kohli Prempura, Rajasthan in the house of 
his in- laws where PW 3 met her bua namely Smt.
Kali (DW3) and stayed there for two days but did not disclose incident of rape or of taking obscene photographs of her; d) her mausi is in Delhi police and they are on visiting terms; e) Smt.
Secondly, though the prosecutrix has alleged that in July 2010, she was abducted by accused Rajender and accused Vijender to 
Gangapur and was kept in a house having no roof and was raped by accused Rajender and accused Bhim and whereas accused Vijender took obscene photographs of her, but no such place was ever found or got identified by the Investigating Officer.
Even no obscene photographs were ever recovered from anyone in the present case.
Qua the incident of August 2010, the prosecutrix alleged that on 25.08.2010 at about 10 to 11 pm when she came out of her house at Dungarpur for attending the call of nature, she was forcibly abducted by accused Rajender Meena and accused Bhim forcibly and they took her to Gangapur where again accused Rajender and accused Bhim committed rape upon her and had taken her obscene photographs.
6, accused Karnail Singh, who resided in their neighbourhood came there and started teasing her and passed indecent gestures 
and when complainant protested, accused Karnail Sinigh scratched her mouth and when her sister (PW2) raised objection, accused Karnail Singh had torn her salwar.
6 and thereafter he passed indecent gestures towards complainant and when she raised objection, he scratched on her mouth and when her sister PW2 raised objection, accused Karnail Singh torn her salwar and when her another sister PW3 raised objection, accused Karnail Singh torn her kamiz from front side.
6 of 15 State Vs Karnail Singh & another Nagar, Delhi who resided in her neighbourhood came in front of her and started teasing her and passed indecent gestures and when she raised objection, accused Karnail Singh scratched her mouth and when her sister PW2 raised objection, accused Karnail Singh torn her salwar and when her another sister PW3 raised objection, accused Karnail Singh hit on her chest and torn her suit (shirt) from front side.
APP on certain points and in her cross examination, she admitted that she had SC No.15/13 Page 11 of 26 12 received some obscene SMSs and a telephonic call on her mobile phone no.
After about one week, the accused again came to her house and committed sexual intercourse with her against her wishes and told her that he had taken her obscene photograph and he would show the same to all her relatives if she did not follow his desire.
She treated him like a relative but accused Parvez @ Sonu finding her alone, committed obscene activities with her for which 
she protested but to save her honour she kept quite.
Besides, the place of occurrence is situated at a thickly populated area where all family members, brother, sister, SC No.113/13 State vs. Parwez @ Sonu Page 17 of 30 parents were available but she did not raise alarm, when the accused allegedly made obscene activities with her prior to committing sexual intercourse with her or when he attempted to commit sexual intercourse with her.
counsel further submits that there is no witness of incident of accompanying of accused with victim and no obscene photographs or video clipping of victim has been placed on record and motorcycle used in commission of crime has not been seized.      
When she asked the accused, he started laughing, showed her obscene video and threatened to make her video public on internet and defame her in the society.
She alleged that thereafter the accused continued to commit rape upon her threatening her to make her obscene video public.  
She stated that she did not tell her anything about rape or obscene video clipping.
On being cross­examined by the Public Prosecutor, she denied that on 26.03.2014, when she inquired from the prosecutrix, she 
told her that accused has ruined her life and in March 2012, he had committed rape upon her after making her consume some intoxicated medicine; that the accused made her obscene video; and that he used to threaten her that if she would disclose FIR No.
There was no recovery of any obscene photograph / video of the prosecutrix.
PP on the contrary argued that it is true that the first incident was of March 2012 but in the complaint, the prosecutrix has specifically alleged that the accused had prepared her obscene video at that time and on that pretext, he blackmailed her and got sexual favours from her.
When she confronted him, he showed her obscene video on his mobile and threatened to defame her if she disclosed it to anyone.
He also showed her obscene video on his mobile.
She also admitted that the accused did not show her obscene video nor threatened her to upload it on the net.
She stated that the prosecutrix did not tell her that the accused had done wrong with her or taken her obscene video clippings.
It is relevant to note that the IO had seized the mobile phone of the accused with which the accused had allegedly made her obscene videos.
It is not found containing any obscene photograph / video of the prosecutrix / complainant.
It was also stated by PW10 / IO that she had also checked the mobile phone of the accused and there was no obscene / photograph of the prosecutrix.
She did not say that any wrong was done by the accused on her or her obscene video was prepared by the accused.
Accused insulted the prosecutrix on road and stated that he has her obscene photographs and he will defame her.
This witness further denied that the prosecutrix told her that the accused threatened to defame her by showing her obscene photographs or that under threat she continued to make physical relations with the accused.
When she regained her consciousness, accused Shiv Govind Singh threatenedher that he has taken her obscene photographs.      
Accused also made an obscene video film and took some obscene photographs of the prosecutrix.
Thereafter the accused threatened the prosecutrix of putting her obscene video film and photographs on Internet or to affix the same in front of her house if she will not obey him.
When the prosecutrix refused, accused threatened of putting her obscene video film on Internet.
(vii) On 15.05.2014, accused came to the house of the prosecutrix with a bottle of acid and threatened her to marry him otherwise he will throw acid on her and her family members and put her obscene video film and photographs on Internet.
The prosecutrix denied that accused had prepared her obscene video film and also took her obscene photographs in his mobile phone.
As far as alleged offence punishable u/s 506 IPC for alleged extending threat to the prosecutrix is concerned, the prosecutrix deposed that accused Amrik Singh @ Daljeet never threatened to put her obscene video on Internet if she will disclose the incident to any person.
This witness has denied that accused Daljeet extorted money and jewellery from her on the threat of putting her obscene photographs and video film on the Internet or to throw acid on her face if she will not bring the jewellery and cash.
She asked her reason for crying and she only told her that Vinod had played holi colours in indecent way.
Deepak Tyagi with the help of his father and brother had taken her indecent photographs.
'You're an expert on obscene phone calls, texts, inappropriate compliments and not taking no for an answer', in order to defame the complainant, with the sole ulterior motive of maligning his reputation and his political standing, in furtherance of his own vested interest and underlying agenda.
You're an expert on obscene phone calls, texts, inappropriate compliments and not taking no for an answer.
Z's book is indecent; Z must be a man of impure mind".
(e) But if A says--"I am not surprised that Z's book is foolish and indecent, for he is a weak man and a libertine".
The Indian Parliament has enacted various laws for protection, welfare and for providing safe environment to the women, such 
as The Immoral Traffic ( Prevention Act) 1956, 'The Indecent Representation of Women' (Prohibition) Act, 1986, The Protection of Women from Domestic Violence Act, 2005, The Sexual­Harassment of Women at Workplace ( Prevention, Prohibition & Redressal) Act, 2013, Muslim Women ( Protection of Right on Marriage) Act, 2019.
There are no allegation in the written complaint made by the prosecutrix to the police in respect of the making the obscene photographs and video but she has stated in her statement u/s 164 Cr.P.C.
MM that accused had taken obscene photographs and make the video but there is no evidence on this aspect and prosecution has 
not been able to produce any such evidence to prove that accused ever taken the obscene photographs and made the video of the prosecutrix.
She next deposed that after bolting the room from inside, the accused engaged himself on mobile phone and after sometime, he 
started talking to her in indecent language, drew her towards him, took off his jeans, tore her clothes, pressed her breast and forced himself upon her.
57/14 // PS Mukherjee Nagar Pages 17 of 23 engaged himself on a mobile phone and then he spoke with me in obscene language (mere saath batajmiji se bola)".
The accused sent her obscene messages on 16.05.2010 clicked by him when he was establishing physical relation with her on 15.05.2010.
She visited his house on 18.05.2010 and he again raped her on the threat of exposing indecent messages and pictures.
Thereafter, she was sexually exploited several times on the threat of exposing obscene pictures.
She received obscene MMS in the late night of 16.05.2010 from State vs Karan Girotra//SC No.58068/16//FIR No.262/11/PS - Prashant Vihar Pg.4 Of 19 accused.
On this, he became angry and threatened that if she lodged any complaint and if she did not continue physical relation, he would post obscene photographs and MMSs to her relatives and family members.
They shifted to Sector­3, Rohini due to pressure mounted by the accused and thereafter, he kept on raping her on the threat of making obscene photographs viral.
When she went to his house to complain of indecent message sent by him on 16.05.2010, accused again raped her on 18.05.2010. 
It is mentioned in para 12, 13, 14 and 15 of her complaint Ex.PW14/A that when she went to the house of the accused on 18.05.2010 after receipt of obscene message on 16.05.2010, she was State vs Karan Girotra//SC No.58068/16//FIR No.262/11/PS - Prashant Vihar Pg.14 Of 19 again raped.
At that time, the accused came to her room and started behaving in indecent manner with her.
The accused had raped her by that time and when she complained to him, he showed her some indecent photographs of women and threatened that if she raised noise, he would click her indecent photographs and defame her.
When she complained, he showed her indecent photographs of women and threatened that if she made noise, her nude photographs 
will be clicked and would be defamed.
The notice was framed against them on the basis of the incident dated 20.09.1998 at 10:45 A.M. that the accused along with others had passed obscene remarks to the complainant Ms. Suman Nim with intention to outrage her modesty thereby committing offence under s.509 IPC.
12) A well known author Kenny in his book "Outlines of Criminal Law", 19th Edn., para 146 p. 203 has dealt with the aspect of indecent assault upon a female.
The meaning of filthy is something, such as language or printed matter, which is considered obscene, prurient, or immoral.   
Thereafter, Sazid indecently touched her and when she protested, he beat her and tried to remove her salwar.
The prosecutrix also denied that accused Sazid touched her in indecent manner, beat and abused her.
The point of distinction between an offence of attempt to commit rape and to commit indecent assault is that there should be 
some action on the part of the accused which would show that he was just going to have sexual connection with her.
It is also alleged that the accused Puneet Kumar dishonestly sent the obscene SMSs on the mobile phone of the complainant Pushpanjali from his mobile phone and violated the provisions of Information Technology Act.
(8) The witness has denied that in the month of March 2013 he was told by his sister Pushpanjalai that one student of 10th class namely Puneet used to tease her and used to send obscene SMS to her.
She has denied that in the month of March 2013 she was told by her sister in law Pushpanjali that one student of 10th class namely Puneet used to tease her and used to send obscene SMS to her on her mobile.
She has also denied that the accused Puneet started teasing her and he used to send the obscene SMS on her mobile phone.     
The position of law in this regard has come to be well settled and declared that levelling disgusting accusations of unchastity and indecent familiarity with a person outside wedlock and allegations of extramarital relationship is a grave assault on 
the character, honour, reputation, status as well as the health of the wife.
He saw the occupants of the room in naked and semi-naked condition and committing obscene acts.
In the complaint the complainant stated that accused and the remaining persons used to make obscene remarks towards her whereas in the cross examination the prosecutrix stated that the accused did not make any gesture or sexual advances during the last 12 two years.
Hence, it is a case of kidnapping for indecent assault as other five accused persons could not be brought for trial so finding on illicit intercourse and selling the prosecutrix cannot be ascertained against both accused persons namely Ajay Kumar and Banti.