Listen is a podcast series by the i never asked for it. The mission works to heal from victim blame by building testimonies of clothing. Survivors of violence that is each of us across varying degrees. Bring the garment weaver when we experienced violence. Agamand is memory witness invoice to an experience of sexual assault. A garment is present to say i never asked for. Blank noise i never asked for it and all allies of working to bring 10,000 garmin voices to india gate by 2023. In an effort to invictum blame violence against women girls and all persons. You and i listening to listen. Episode 1. Episode 1 was recorded in bangalore cabin park for the circle of 16%. In october 2018. Okay but it is kind of a story about the scarf. Recently i was in nepal i was attending a month-long course on families capacity-building. Now then i met with a girl who was. Who is not working with the organization that i used to work in. I know how very uncomfortable moments with beef boss organization. So then. Uber and discarded actually. So. Evening we were just. Talking and she told me off. You know what he did so she told me about how he approached her in the workspace at night in the middle of the night at 3. I mean she's not from the place where the head offices she was called for a training. Long training and he's very shy to approach her and go to space and you know she and she was like how he approached me when i was an employee. And that evening i like i was like shaking and i wrote him a long email and i said you know like the next time i hear this with my boots and beat you and you're going to like bleed and like regret. You and emma born and you know it was it was an extremely angry long email to fight for the community to stand up and raise and human rights. So i said you don't people are doing this and you are acknowledging the spaces you know where the key is to enter these faces and to approach women to like you have. You need help and you know if i send you numbers of counselors you will go you go to therapist. But one more accurate. So i sent this email and it was like. This one place apart on w2 like one. Tourist place in nepal it was like going for some guided tour. I've won this from here because. I don't fit into this in my way so i just pulled it up and then i stole around it. Unreal walking and walking and walking and all of us like. Frozen lake. Look for how long and what are how many battles do. There's no moment of safety. Lakeview disc undressed. You're just going to be. At every point like how many defenses your bill how many walls you walk. Ok google. What. How water do you like in oil. Crazy. I just don't want anyone to look at me and. Aldi have this so-called madressa. Yeah that's mine used to. Touch me inappropriate. I have a conservative family. And off. Emma didn't really have a lot of girls in my family. So yeah my beddings. Those are like not really important. So. My parents gentry. Didn't really i don't know i never felt an affection from them. I was just safe gone but tired just to have to look after till i'm getting married so. I never really created a bond between my parents and me. Accordia anger on me. So when my and i had started experience doing this i really don't know how to talk to my parents because i thought i would be blamed for it. And i was only 87. I told them several times i didn't want to go. But suppose me to go and i wasn't really interested in religious studies that maybe that's why i don't. Aren't you know smash my head in the world. I really don't know why they did that. Every one of them have some mental illness a short and. And this monster everyday every morning i don't know what to do i don't know what i don't know who to tell this. I thought it was my mistake maybe i just. I was really very small i started wearing leggings so that it doesn't see my legs. Socks i don't know what's not. And once you started. Under the table so no one was to see. Anime ova going to grab me again i don't know who to tell. And once you started. Touching my private parts and i felt really very uncomfortable i finally told my parents about this and what they did was they just changed it without talking to me. It's like they have a lot of power and whatever my complaining they wouldn't complain. My dad he was he's the same person whose he's the same person everybody talks about. He's also i'm for sure he's a very bad man and everybody is scared to do that to me my cousin brother. Bad feeling that can do return me because my father does it i'm for sure my father also does it to other but i was a kid i was i don't know anyting. Endor. Yeah i thought the whole life i used to be scared of man i never really any one man woman anyone coming and touching me i really don't like that. Especially men nice to be really very scared of. Any age especially old ones i still. Silly feel scared i don't like them touching me. The whole life i'd intended my friends because i thought my friends would think but it was me and. I was reasonably comfortable my my mother is abusive my father is abusive both physically mentally. India. Sister like that they don't even know why i dropped out. I was i finished my graduation i didn't really invite classes i used to say. I was like. I really don't like going. Anywhere where you know german. Or something like that and i finally. Express everything to my friend when i was 19. She wasn't everything to me she was used to talk eyes to be myself i thought every single thing about my life to her. Ndot recently march. After my birthday. And she's no more. And the fighting. I ever spoke to. About. Everything. He was one of the best friend i had. And she's no more i don't know i just said x that i just want to protect all those. Small girls and. There's no street lights that are near my house and i used to get up i used to not sleep just so you know if i could go out and you know protect them i used to not sleep i got it the place just so i don't have anything anyone looking around. Everyone like this is why i'm still scared of men i'm still uncomfortable. They just want to touch you they just want to grow up you trying to heal i'm trying to accept the fact that not all men are the same. She had school must be dreams. My friend lost his made things worse. I did not talk to anyone. So does my nipple entrances i'll start with the first time i spoke with her words for completely completely unrelated stuff and she told me about this and this was over the phone and just talking to her and she sending me about this this event that she's doing and i feel.. Because i realized that whatever happened with me whenever it happened i don't remember what i was wearing. I don't have that outfit. The first time whatever happened was when i was. I don't have that outfit i don't remember which day of what i was wearing but i'm never going to forget what happened. I'm the star that it left me with is for life. I've been going to therapy i've learned how to deal with it and. Justify that i'm not crying right now i'm telling you this means that i have over the last one year. Been working on this working on being better. But yeah so i have no outfit to show i have no witness. For whatever i went through so that was the first incident when i was eight and that was i didn't even know what happened i was too young to understand i knew it was wrong but i had no idea what it was or what why was it wrong. I couldn't be close to anyone my body was to freeze up say i was at a party and if somebody touched me by mistake my back or whatever i would freeze up. And i couldn't bring myself to really be with anybody in in a in a physical space. And all those things started making sense after i studied and understood what had happened. Benefit other instances like this one time after a party i was going to my friend's place and it was late in the night and i was riding on my two-wheeler and and suddenly out of nowhere this guy on a bike and i'm riding i was so short i don't know what happened in your writing and then suddenly something is happening and i was just focusing on balance. I just came to hang out with you i did i didn't come here because i'm in your house doesn't mean and i actually i just blocked him after that because he didn't realize that he did something wrong he never apologized and i felt violated i felt like you and crude myspace and i just blocked him after that i don't need to give you a reason or an explanation i know what happened i wasn't okay with it and. I just finished do it all and i. Again i shouldn't have been at his place watching a movie like that with him sitting with him. Maybe that was my fault. And i should be more clear than the future. And more assertive. So about 5 years ago about 5 years ago now i wasn't abusive relationship with him yours which i've spoken about before and. It took me a long time to be able to. Speak out about it because. A lot of factors i didn't feel that people would believe me because he had convinced me that it wasn't abuse that it was equal and he had a nude with me so i was afraid he'd rekit if i did speak out against it but lately so in december i found out he was very abusive to his girlfriend after me as well even though i had told his friends about it and you know it. Yeah like i said a lot the question i get every single time is why did i stay and for me to have to explain that when you're in abusive relationship there's a lot of manipulation gaslighting excetera is very difficult. Another thing is that i said be a lot of common friends a lot of my best friends on his best friend they think that he can change and that they would like to. Not hold them accountable as and they have talked to him about it but they don't want to abandon him because they think he'll do to the next goal and they think that they could make him change. Which i absolutely don't believe i think the way to hold someone accountable after three girls it's pretty good i'm not the only one. The way to hold someone accountable at this point is to completely stop talking to him in my opinion but they thing. And for me that comes from them being selfish they want to have their best friends in their life. And again lot of people say it's been 5 years why do you still while you still so angry about. And why you still so caught up about this. Should i just move on. But the reality is that i still have. You know i still have trauma i still have dreams every month or so. Where he doesn't even hit me it's just a dream of him convincing me. . you know he's changed and then i go back to him and then it's the same s***. Soul. I have to live it.. And i'm i don't want hold on to this is not like every morning i wake up and i'm like wow what a good day to like feel, but. So what happened was this but uncle of mine used to come to our house live in early just to have fun with my father at suites on diwali holy and used to come. So one day what happened. He came to my house and i was there and my mom was literally so my mom went to matey to the kitchen and i was there alone watching tv and he was sitting. Suicidally what happens if he calls my name i look back and you guys to hold me and luckily my mother from the fission and when i see him when i saw him doing this action of deciding to hold me like completely. Something that happen if an incident kept a distance between the different. I'll be sharing the incidents that has been happening with me past 2. One month now i'm in my internship. so the next faces i want to apply for masters. I come from a family where girls have gotten pressurized and they have gotten married at the age of 20 and 21. I stood out to be the first girl in my family bought from the moms and dads sideways come this far and who has achieved thus far and i've chosen to be adopted i wanted to be a doctor and i've reached the spot. Now when i tell anna when i discuss with them that what a my future plans. There's only one question when are you getting settled why aren't you getting mad at you had your time till 23 what what what are your further plans. I told him my father plans were masters in canada and the reactions that i've got where abzurd like totally absurd till now i'm going through the trauma every relative of mine called me and they're like your dad gave you the freedom your family gave you the freedom to study and you still want to use that freedom and go for the to some foreign country would you have said the same thing if it was your son and he's a boy. And do them there at lakeway reabsorb responses like you're not safe in a foreign country or all alone. And i gave the one good answer to shut them all off for now that. Three years back i went through abuse at my home in my room. And you're telling me that i will go to a foreign country and i might get abused. I was abused at my home at my safe space. If not for home then where else will i be safe. Can you give me an answer to that. Do you have an answer to that. And they just kept quiet. And even though i'm going. Through on the process of convincing them and it has been really traumatic for a girl like me to convince everyone to just. Go follow her dreams father. What i would like to add is just because i'm going through this trauma for the past 2 months now i'm not going to keep quiet this is not this is not me giving up this is not me giving in to settle down or get married i will get married when i'm happy i will get mad when i want to get married. I want to achieve further and there is nothing wrong about a girl going to another country or wherever she wants to to go follow her dreams and i will do that. I feel tremendously powerful experience of the sexual trauma i went through three years ago to one of my very good friends very close friends. He had. One disgusting thing to say. He told me. Maybe he did that to you because he was sucked sexually frustrated you know he's not being he's not being married since 10 years now. And i was stunned shocked i was. Went the words were coming out of his mouth i had so many things to say back to him but i was i i was i just froze there. I didn't want to say i just i just kept quiet i turned my back to a gym and i went to my room. So this happened quite recently i had a doctor's appointment so as i was getting out of the clinic i was cornered by three transgendered women and then they just came up to me and grab my private parts and i was just shocked i just ran away and like went back to my house. I like offer that the only thing i could think about was. Wyman's like i wanted hitting attack. I think she was discussing about the timeship elspeth even home wasn't the safest and she's talking about the age that she administered in real life that i think like that. i think i repressed it for a really long time and now i'm out in class 9 i had this irrational fear of lizards so if one bathroom window and the bedroom window and outside there's a place where a person can walk but however. And obviously due to my fear of lizard i went to that bathroom take a bath. I'm these people walking in the next room the walking to put in the ac. And i still remember. I remember after taking my bath i just wipe myself and i just put on my underwear and i heard the guy i heard the guy jump to the part where it's just outside the bathroom window and he just moved the bathroom curtain and we made eye contact. In my underwear like this was a stranger and stranger in my own home no and i just proved because i felt violated and it came out and it came out. And i told my mother what had happened that this is what happened and he went past and he actually opened the window. And my mother confronted.. At that point send it to knox. And i could look at this man and this man was trying really hard not to laugh. I need you said accident ahmed. Jackets. I need this win to it. At that point i started thinking was it an accident because someone without consent so me in my underwear so i couldn't understand was. Maybe it was an accident maybe it was my mistake that i chose to go into that bathroom take a bath when i know people working. In the next. Adjust me from then on i've never been afraid of lizards. I don't know. What made me think of going to take a bath in the bathroom but what happened after that when someone sees you without your consent you feel. Join the mission. Unite to end victim-blaming. I never. Send your comments testimony. Stan instrum. Power and soledad. Sending audio testimony. Email. You can reach us. At 91988. 40c. Annie mae.. Action hero. . org. Henryville. You are an action sheet. 