Listen is a podcast series by the i never asked for it mission. The mission works to heal from victim blame by building testimonies of clothing. Survivors of violence that does each of us across varying degrees. Bring the garment weaver when we experienced violence. Agamand is memory witness and voice to an experience of sexual assault. A garment is present to say i never asked for. Blank noise i never asked for it and all allies of working to bring 10,000 garmin voices to india gate by 2023 in an effort to end victim blame violence against women girls and all persons. You are now listening to listen episode 2 episode 2 was recorded at max meetup heaven in bangalore with the circle of 29% during the i never asked for that week in september 2016. I grew up in bombay i live abroad now this incident first from when i was in like 5th standard or 600 maybe and this is in the eighties and i was wearing shorts and that was not done in the area that we lived in because girls were not supposed to appear in short clothes i need this was in bombay and it's not like some so i just getting a whole bunch of people walking and they're all teasing me and calling me names and i just felt like a very horrible person at that point but later on i felt like okay i need i just felt like. 900. Band shirt led so nobody bmtc. So i tame an argy neurosurgery acapella top surgery in aguadilla. So ida molina new voice gary. So2. Lando battery model. Battery model nano connector. Sofa sleepers. Soul festival de niro support maryland. Second monday night driver conductor. So nana nana. Manowar. So now what. So young america. Solace to finalize a police report. So this incident happen in the bmtc. I was sweating up pants and shirts are sitting on it density and a couple of. Menil army came to me and said that any figured out because of my voice and he said are you a man and the women and they started to remove my clothes then. A conversation kind of toothpaste and ask the connector repeatedly and the bus driver to stop the bus that that didn't happen so to say myself i jumped out of the bus then i go to the police station to kind of complaining the police ask again. Because i didn't want to say that i'm a time tonight. Amazon women take the company in the police said no. Travis scott shirt you're wearing a panty letting a shirt so that's not a problem that is your problem in repeat that please take the company to go back to my house. Going to feel like me any support at the court the colleague of mine works in ngo to kind of calm and provide mean. They clearly as i was 12. I remember i was i was 12 and my body was changing and i remember just walking around very happily with a notchback and i had a cousin who is. 4 years older than me on our cousin my aunt who's four years older than me but she told me how i should walk and how should hand jenna how i should be. Careful because uncle ronnie my feeling comfortable. And simultaneously i had my mom saying that you know how your uncle sideways so what does that say do a twelve-year-old it says you should not you should not trust men you should be careful but it also teaches you to not take pride in your body and how do we okay that's that's what my experience and that's something that really taught me about a relationship with the body that i've been. Trying to change that it's not supposed to be a place of shame it's supposed to be a place of tried. Apixaban. I'm so one of the echoes that i've listened to with both your stories has been about clothes and clothing. I don't identify as a straight person and one of the ways that that's been showing is with my clothing with what i wear and how i choose to express myself so growing up there was always a contradiction like from childhood to teenager to adult it was always been a conversation or family with me about how i should dress to protect myself from being stared at by men. He made fun of a whatever and also how to dress and identify as a woman. And that contradiction has always been very interesting because. This is where i get to the store it's not very long. A couple years ago maybe a year or two ago i remember being i'm about standing at a bus station waiting for friend to pick me up cuz i had to reroute going to go watch a movie in chennai. And i remember standing episode 99. And i was just standing waiting for my friend to pick me up in this old man comes and he smiles at me so i smile back because. I think it's i'm being polite. And he smells again and then he says how's it going. He tries to start a conversation i'm like nothing he's like you want to go somewhere i was like no i'm waiting for friend to pick me up why. He's like because i thought we could go to a room together and spend the night. And i just stood there and i'm to the truck because i. I remember thinking what part of me. Is dressed in any way. To give the id. That i am available. For a night of whatever for money and two dates and this is not something that this wasn't the first time this has happened has happened over and over again. Intuit three different locations. And it just makes me wonder what am i doing. What what am i emoting outs to give the id. That i am available for. It doesn't mean that i don't think it's a bad thing or good thing is just not something that i do. So it just. It just. I think it happens to most of the people. I'm in mendocino single women especially in. Not everybody but. People do. Maybe the thought will come. Let's try. Mystery thing kind of feliz natal. Because i don't i didn't so i don't believe i actually believe. Listless a couple of. Text back to me when i was fourteen and fifteen the old kind of equation of a kind of blocked because if your boy the masculine equals 2 equals two women and i so i think i have bought both masculine and feminine and then go to a couple of kind of bullying i was taking them to a psychiatrist because at that point of time supposedly called conversion therapy had to be put into shock treatment to kind of cameras go to a couple of sessions of shaw. Compassion i want to build that karen compassion with that person why that person really did to me today i realized because i'm going back to the video coming up with something. Punishment will not kind of lead to so that kind of trigger that's because when you start identify yourself for me tap in the first sight of violence is from the family because your father starts to attack you your cousin start with a q in the state we can decide if line is the neighbors become a side of the school becomes violent everything started because. 14 pistol about 17-18 always felt something wrong am i the only one in the world is that not anyone was something wrong and me and that old images something wrong in me kind of put me apart because it was always questioning your own self that something's wrong because others can't get attracted to women and always attracted to men and that was me but then you later and you go to this constant pluses and then take back and reclaim.. I just want to talk a little more about it because. This is something the anger you know that i was so angry for so many years. And the angle affects me it doesn't affect anyone else i'm spoiling my my own body because i'm angry so that led me to think about it more and more try to understand the situation what is going on here rationally. And then i realized it's not me it's the other person. Sorry i don't know where to place this question but i'd love to kind of understand. The beginning of this conversation that you would like to have. With the person who did that to you in the. Minneapolis. I thought. Do something in me then when i kind of brought into activist. Interacting my tons of an activist live. And i delete game informer. Interacting working with the family. Moment about between 89 years. Very much part of the feminist movement india and i realize that some valentines. Understanding the standpoint of perpetrators always believe that what we really need to create a circle of care and compassion what we forget is the politics of caring compassionate really want to stand from that point of the perpetrator not necessarily our kind of anger in terms of weight with the perpetrator in getting imagination i want to try that out and what if you see that person i want to take him out for the coffee sit with him and talk to him. I'm a more compassionate point-of-view to trigger the conversation that i really want to see wauchula comes of that i think that would be more and really go out there and kind of shocked that it's taken me quite some time but i really want to still want to have i can meet them. Somebody online and take him off a coffee and a conversation from a standing point of compassionate. I know you only want to check. Our family has always been. You know that is being no gender bias. Then give the baby protopod children. But. When do i find myself. When my daughters go out. I'm always worried about. I need dressed appropriately and are they. Inviting trouble because they're all going out to going to come back at 1 in the night. It taking a cab. And this. And i'd so controversial. What does be practiced and what i'm thinking now. I do body. I don't know from where maybe from my surrounding. Play some the rest of the people that i met. Maybe. the people that used to interact with. Convey. Idea of blaming myself for anything that happens. Was instilled in me. When i was around 10 or 11 years old. I was walking from my dance class back to my home which is just a few blocks away. I don't remember what that was very. However as a just a thought of the dance class there was a maruti 800 crossing by and i could hear someone from inside saying or tarlov which means pickler. And i go to a scared and i didn't know what to do there was a house next to me i just went inside opening the gate of the house pretending that i'm going inside i didn't know whose house it was why why why why was i doing that. Then someone i heard another voice from the car saying she's going so she's gone and then the maruti to cup. Dispensary. I know that's when my mom came around the corner because she came to the lancaster pick me up over $30 she asked me why am i going into the house. I could not tell her i just told her i don't know i was just checking what is that inside. I-80 no tell this date why i couldn't complain. Apothecary even i guess it's something most of us have faced similar answer. At some point in time audio.. Nobody venice growing up told me that such things would happen and that it's not your fault. You know nobody ever said that when we were young so you didn't having sex when you were growing up you automatically didn't know what to do cuz you're blaming yourself for it like you know you didn't know. How else to go cuz nobody said that's not your fault. You know nobody ever said that when you're growing up so it was never acknowledged in that sense that you know that whatever happens it's not your fault. And like it so it's difficult when you when something happens and then you need to justify to somebody how it's not your fault. Was it being something draining you that's not to begin. Because i was always told i was doing up by my mom that. If you dress properly and. I shouldn't even mike is very interesting because when i was growing up and i was a child my mom always told me that you know the problem with you is that you look over your age and i was eight i probably look like 12 or 13. So she used to tell me that you told you should look young it's very short frozen stuff and i don't know why i was always very conservative child i used to wear long skirts and yeah i mean all my childhood pictures show me wearing dog clothes. So intently when i grew up when i was in college and i wanted to wear short clothes and probably jeans my mom used to tell me no i think that we should wear long clothes supposed to do but yeah i think my mom never she understood that it's not my fault and you always used to tell me that you know this is how the world is but directly she never told me it's not your fault. I completely i completely have. So with my mom i'm never able to tell her instances of sexual harassment on the streets i can always tell her about racism i can tell about any other issues when it comes to this. It's something that i just cannot. Door about. Like you i still don't know why. The statement this is how the world is. A lot of us a toilet. I said i cannot talk to my mother about it. And i think i cannot talk to my mother about it because i want to protect her from feeling bad for me. So i know i can talk about it but i don't want to go into it because i just don't feel like transferring that pain to her. From the point of view of a mother i want to a co-worker said about contradictions. Very difficult to come to terms with the fact that one is. Preaching something or teaching your children something and then immediately kind of contradicting in the way us as she said even i look at my daughter and wonder whether i should say don't wear those shorts or something like that. This happened. i think when i was eight. This happened in my own house. This is called ankles like rolled ankle. But nobody used to come home used to kiss me but that time i never realized. White night that i could tell my parents. I don't know why i didn't know i think i should have. Told them i don't know why i didn't tell them that kept on happening for almost like delivers. Maybe twelve or thirteen then i realized it's wrong so then i started protecting myself i said what you're doing is wrong don't come near me. I'm outside until. Sexual violence. I faced in my school days to my mom. Because of my. Gender. I didn't say to my mother. I faced the sexual violence. Abused in my school days. That some students from on after my teacher. Two parents. they're responsible for everything and instead like very cautious about everything what you do what you don't do it. Now that seems pretty hypocritical considering that when i was very young and the first one of the first major instances when i was molested my family was just. Few feet behind and yet they didn't know what was happening didn't realize what happened as a instant reaction i fell and i was we were on a journey and i was in throughout the journey i could not even imagine telling them what happened and that left his car is that at one point they're so overprotective and it just happens to feet away from them and the last people i want to tell tell it to is them. It was only much older that i finally just wondering means impact recently very recently it's like decades later today hits after the incident that i get to tell my mother that actually protection doesn't work. Just giving an example for some other girl that you're being overprotective is actually counterproductive. You feel bad about this uncle lucas too but at one point you realized it's bad and you could tell him. And deaths. The end of the story that there was something bad but you were very happy that you could run they tell him that he did not die before and just compare to you because the guy was sitting next to your bossy vanished so you have not you are not able to tell him but otherwise you would just have to tell vincent it's not what you did it's not correct but like you said you were younger i see very little thing and forth and unfortunately. That this whole space of not being able to tell where does that come from sitting at the backseat of the car with my parents in front this is your two feet away and and this man from the other car looking at me and making these facial gesture than i was five and i remember feeling sick and i remember feeling horrible and i remember not telling them and i don't know what in the five-year-old. You know what was that and if i adore that didn't like reach out until then i felt dirty but also feel guilty i was so fat i don't know what i felt something i didn't share but i haven't forgotten forgotten his gaze. And someday i suppose you know what is it in our environment that stops us from sharing what is it what is it that stop us and we'll just drive just setting the tone it's about each of us being the i i don't know what stopped me then from sharing and i don't know why i haven't forgotten that gays and. Yes and it was just about how somebody look but i haven't forgotten it. Hi iequus for so many times that about telling telling the perpetrator or telling your family or people who care about your supposed to protect as a kid also there have been so many incidences of flashing or a close family members grouping or. Young kids. Touching etc but i always wondered why i didn't want to tell anybody or maybe i have told but first of all i never felt that it's my fault and second of all i think i always felt that what do i want like. I always never wanted for the other people to be just ashamed. That was one reason i didn't want it a big conflict and a big drama around it or punishment i just wanted the other people not to do it and. Then i grew as an adult also the number of like for everyone there so many incidences on the street. Are the bus sexual harassment but i have it's just not my temperament to call out and i find it. Quite a contrast between me and other women so when somebody in a bus in a crowded situation brushes against you the first thought is always whether that is an accident or i didn't want to call out wrongly and so answer these thoughts recently occupied me. Okay i'm going to say something but i might get bored overwhelmed and cry. So i was raped last year here in india and. Why i cried when he said that to you. Jumped out of the bus to save himself because at some point i tried to jump out of bed to save myself but they couldn't. And about bling. When i was filing the case. When i was fighting the case in the police station. The guy when i confronted him he came to me and said. You were in the nightclub on your dancing and you were drinking and you just asked for it so this is. When he's like. He's actually blaming me. And like most horrible kind of plane was my mom's when i told her so she told me that. Basically just. Your fault because you going out to the house like you went to india to do something you should have just do it and not do anything else and. Just go to your thing and go back and not do anything else. And. Because my family is muslim and the guy who raped me is muslim so my mother. I'm reaching know she was happy that he was muslim and she told me why didn't you just marry him and everything will be okay. In when i was at university i was assaulted at a house party and everybody telling someone. This isn't terms of blame and the southwest with blame can come in so the first thing she asked was how much did you have to drink. And when she talked about being blamed for it and being told that you had a club you were drinking. That resonated thought ecuador. What how much did you have to drink. You know i want to see it because it's not about. And he's like. Like right now eating indian college and possibly sexually molested by my sister sister's husband. Finna confronted him finally much later and was the timing is getting married and of course my parents being the good people. they are had sent out an invitation to. Game and everything and say calling to say that don't you dare show up at the wedding. And his thing was like 10 of course we're planning to come and this and that and. And two seconds later my mom called me she's like i told you i'll handle it they want me to come by did you have to do that. And then i go to know that the story that he had told. Like when i was 13 to his wife and his wife that's my sister that i had gone and kissed him and which is why and he gives me back and he's sorry for having done that. But the thing is like it doesn't matter how old you are what you doing this. You don't like. Play cat noir blamed and the things. I know like i know what i'm supposed to do about it. I know what to do with that information.. Well that's a story that he. Telling it on but it's just ironic cuz like he has a thirteen-year-old daughter now so. Join the mission unite to end victim blame. I never asked for it. Send your garments testimonial to stand in strength power and solidarity. Sending audio testimonial. By email or whatsapp. You can reach us at +91-988-684-0612 and email us at action hero at blank noi.org. And we will connect with you. You are an action shiro thank you for listening. 