Listen is a podcast series by the i never asked for it mission. The mission works to heal from victim-blaming. By building testimonies. Clothing. Survivors of violence that is each of us. Across varying degrees. Bring the garment weaver when we experienced violence. Agamand is memory. Width. Invoice. 20 spirits of sexual assault. A garment is present. D'usse. I never. Ask for it. Lines noise i never asked for it. And all allies are working to bring 10,000 garmin voices to india gate by 2023. In an effort to end victim-blaming. Violence against women. Girls and all persons. You're not listening to listen. Episode. Episode 3 was recorded across two venues including cabin park. Envy book bangalore. With a circuit of 18 persons. Students. Across six college campuses in the city. Students match to identify lived experiences of sexual harassment and victim-blaming on campus. This session was recorded in august and september. 2019. Add reminder when i was told. Not home there's some problem like a property because of the property. My father's sister. She's a. She has not got married. I know. She lose the houses like. Everyone should treat me as a. A place like that. So my grandma. Watch your lumens. General got married. Soldiers of port huron. Trenta lucci. Doesn't like me i don't know why. Just ideal gddr5. After that i should not read anything that's her room and she has less friends even i should do a less plain. It's all like it was like she's making for me. So for the case of property my mother and father is listening to her only because they'll not get the property of my house. Becoming avania. December 22nd i left my house and right now i'm in hospital. I'm stating i'm going to work. I know i'm an artist. My group is dead. But a chance to do a drama. And i'm a dance choreographer. So i'm going to discuss this.. Short incident that happened in college. Brazil mainly around moral policing. And this is my hid. And it was quite you're getting because i am. I everybody needs freedom. Also expression. In which includes what you wear. And girls record site to another class this particular day. And we were told how to dress because apparently some. Some major fessel had a problem. With the fact that he was able to see a girl's strap. Sometime in college and that restored to rhod. This was from your department so please. Please tell your girls to dress well. And as much as i understand dressing well. What what weather comes from is because they want all of us to. Have an environment which look so formal bet everybody's comfortable. Which also includes letting people wear what they're comfortable in and i think. I think that day i was very very to go died i did not expect. Somebody to come and tell. Aztec. Hey you're not supposed to be wearing it like this or you cannot wear sleeveless because because goes recording side. Why just as why. What is the big deal. It's just a piece of cloth. What is making you so scared of seeing that you have to. Call. Another teacher and call for the meeting. So. When it comes to dress this is something which is very close to my heart. Because i have spent and i have 20 years. Without reading. I mean we have to wear on this.. It was the tradition in the room. And i have had. I've been into so many troubles because of this. Because i purposely that's what made me become durable. Call student bodies. The second thing was. When he approached we approach to cvs.. Because it is easier to. Go to the madness is what important. And having spent four years. In a campus where i have to wear on this girl. And after that i moved to another college and after that i work with. Did i have to wait on you again. One liandi. So. I have experienced this imposition on you that you have to wear and you are in a situation where you cannot do anything about it because you have your own personal goals. Okay. I was ready to fight for. Wanting to wear what i want to wear. But when i was more into helping our. Hoarding disorder so i just compromise with my dress and i. Citizen after i left these two places. This tuition comes in my mind. Audio submarines to like waiting on this gut and do years of my work. So i don't know how to really. You know. But now i wear whatever i want and i don't care because i said. I have had enough 456. 6 years doing what i have to do. I have done my partner. High heels. So i did my internship and there's a dress code to defence academy products. It's supposed to look decent. So we agreed we didn't know we were a bunch of engineering kids were trying to get an internship. I'm. so in the beginning there's a security room where you enter but your car they give you an id card. 28in. And the first day we are bored like normal leggings. Cota. And. We love to have love your goddess.. First impression is everything. And since the second date but she didn't did not say anything. And the next day. Two of my friends and i together. We are going everywhere leggings. Okay we did not know. So these. They stopped us bespoke to us for 25 minutes. Cuz i did not dye my hair. I would like kings and my dupatta was not covering my upper chest body. And. They like you cannot be doing this what are your parents teaching you. And how can you you're coming to a place where it's. You should be blessed to come here and see how you dress up. You see you're wearing leggings everything to see through. And your money. And this other girl she's come to this place not the friend. Just come from belgium. Just come just for the untouchables 15 days. I know she got witches leggings. And she let go by itsjustnick. You can buy loose tan. You not supposed to edit. So they literally centre-back. Did not love her. Just had to go buy the next in the nexus when he went there.. Specifically asked me clip your hair. Very sad. It's like. Cuz you expect so much from you are so okay i'm walking into such a nice place but when soon as you enter it just put me so down like. Jody. Like i know i'm a pain. very proud of what i am going to be going through but then. I'm pretty decently dressed leggings is not going to be doing anything why veilleux span white. Crush me so many things but i cannot do anything about it. Alexander independent from my college heroes in 2010. Aisha italian climate.. None of the next cleveland and something like that and she's wearing makeup the voice from background. They're not know how to communicate with the opposite gender with makeup what happened was they got the girl's number. So many guys destruction.. Text heather harris.. Call hernan time midnight. And obscene text. Does going on for a while. Just very strong godzilla got into depression sitting the college ultimately. Dress code in the border district me. Alright 6-month indian draper. 2nd peter result. How many friend in on drone beetle. Hello. Oh. Hello.. Elections naruto. Bodega congress do raju gandhi. Translator. Allah write a letter to the little people. Hello hello. Dalagang murray. Jose maria topic now international. Hello fellow what's a police station. How to get. Automatically. He do. So you to see killer. 6 a.m.. 12. Standard. So they've gone, doggy and medical. Greensboro. Yeah i don't know. So they like to party. As this evening of elections. So everybody was so involved in that. Elections and translator. Call drawing. And this this dick come on tv and it just comes back on the national collectopaedia height. And austin.. Stop. Those don't work.. Like there's no. Voices of defecate. Viasat. Why did a hyper solution to 70 stall. Coming to college babe exchange for me because i've been in a boarding school for the past eight years before i joined college. And because it was. Is my strickland life was basically on campus.. I'll tell you when i came to college. Immense amount of freedom that don't know what to do with. And i would i didn't really imagine college as it would be a certain kind of way because. Watercrest university i apply first and i didn't get accepted so i thought again. And i want to know that wanted to be in bangalore. And. But i didn't set like a particle images to how college would be for me. Liking very open-minded and whatever happened along the way i just i feel like i accepted it. Somebody just went with the flow and i made the most of the opportunities that i have had. But in terms of. Being zach venable i mean if he supposedly i've never faced any willing arriving on campus. Doesn't go to say that does not exist. But while i was on campus in school. It was like it was evasive israel school solar customs and traditions and getting on the freeway long time to such an extent that now it is. Normalized and it's everyone does except that happen. I know he doesn't actually do step toward stopping at. And dragging and bullying at school was huge issue because we spend our entire day. In on campus with these seniors in dimitri's with them. So. No matter how close you are to them in proximity they still view you from a certain position so. Epidemiologist. Wake me up in 2:00 in the morning till 2 get this for me to get that for me. You going to that at one point and also around the same time you're an adult. So you have different changes in your life and. Adult point of time i was i just started dating somebody and i didn't quite realize. What are the do's and don'ts are amino really tells you how to get into that and that's one thing i feel like. Oh lord i'm not only do women and girls or like one side of one general hospital asked what do not do i think like. Everyone seeks equal accountable to responsibility in a relationship. Are they going to timeout. I didn't know what it was i was eating and. This boy what country was he forced me to do something i wish i was not comfortable with. Bodycon divide-and-rule. One of the experiences that i had with being harassed on campus. You must have like i mean. So for me it was like my friends were doing all this stuff so i had to so what sort of the cycle we were just like sort of negatively reinforcing each other's behavior so you know how. Even if you personally don't want to. Like i've never had that problem because i was very clear. But assault like lexotan fans have confided in me that they felt pressure to do stuff. Just because. Difference of level will also like encouraging them to. And they was undermining. The relationship the person must have had with whoever he was she was with. By measuring it in terms of physical affection. Which. I don't know it's not. I know i think it was because of like a very strong family system. Like i could confide confide in my parents and my sister about any sort of. Hesitations i had switch out at which i'm very lucky to have a lot of people don't have that sort of support. And it was through them that i understood that i am in control of my decisions at that lake. It's my life. I think my mom told me this but everything comes at its own time and there's no rush to do anything you know. So if y'all like friends think it's it's right to do this when you have to do it. Like i was talking early age that you shouldn't really follow them for what they saying cuz you don't have to. I was in a relationship for one and a half years with a woman like in school and then by some strange laws she became a classmate in college also so it just happened like we didn't plan anything at all then we've already had broken up for like 6 months before coming to call you when we were getting to know each other classes she got a bunch of people and then he started feeding false rumors about me saying like after i broke up with her i started behaving like a gay person and that basically let two other people judging me or whatever my sexuality is enough at first everyone is like apprehensive. Then it's not okay then she started being very angry that i'm not hanging out with her and i understand what you're saying so i started being late. Is this abuse is this emotional trauma and it is really confusing like the line between oh this is definitely abuse and this is just one person caring about me and antoinette lightline blows for you it becomes really difficult. In my ex-girlfriend white very little theodore was like. Oh so this is happening and then she did not come out in support of this as like okay so maybe this is wrong only i shouldn't like guys anyway. I was i was straight for 18 years to buy travk now what it was so it was very confusing then there are certain parts of the relationship but it's also. But then at the end. That is a pet dinosaur contractual and if someone cockroaches that check you just need to cut them off your life you can do. Yukon vilakku noel compromising. Like when i started trigger warning when i started cutting my wrists that was going to like look okay so this is this is not okay i will i will not do this. And i need to do something about my life otherwise i'll i'll i'll kill myself and i don't want to do that. So i mean yeah it just became like really really bad. I know it was confusing i was sad all the time. I was young. And i didn't know how to get out of it i was very lucky that i had got friends were really helpful to me. I have bad mental health days and it's like short i have i have certain coping mechanism sometimes it works sometimes it don't work. My gender is i don't know i don't know my worth because i've always been here but like maybe not i don't know it's still confusing and that a certain days that i'm like. But you're still doing it so yeah. Still. I mean, as i said, i still don't know why that you was bangalore leaving of kolkata was quite difficult for me but again i grew up in a family. People over there are quite orthodox people over there.. Homophobic and. I had always known about myself my identity my gender my sexuality. But. Somewhere i was not able to accept it. Because i was surrounded by. Are the kind of people who would. Make you think that you know you're not correct or maybe. I mean what they are doing is correct. Except my mother would say because she has her own stories. So i mean she was only person to understand me. I chose to come out of my house with the only reason maybe. I'll be able to explore myself or what i always had wanted. I mean. Maybe i'll. Discover myself so. Yes it help me. I would say. Coming here i mean five years ago and i was in. Do i'm doing my undergrad. I was a teenager. I didn't know things have this coming out of the house and. I have always been an introvert never. I never had friends i always had classmates for the only reason that. People will always tell me you shouldn't walk like that you shouldn't talk like that isn't heat like that isn't stand like that. 1:02 for the time i was as totally closeted let me not attend any functions or any social. Do it let me not have friends because i'll be judged at the end of the day so let me let me see you back at home and study or just go to school. Coming here i got friends. And i would say. I am visibly career i mean there's nothing to. People ask me when did you come out i would say that i was always out i was never in. But again to do except i believe. It's not enough to know what you are it's you should accept what you are and then handed you accept what you are and how you are the way you are you cannot love and respect yourself when you don't love and respect yourself you can't expect other people to love and respect yourself so i went to a lot. Jordan call i'm in in my undergrad i was doing my bsc from the anand sagar. So when i was in my second year so that there was someone who might like i always attracted to. Men i mean romantically and sexually. That's what i knew and that's one of my mind. It is still living now. But what i want to know that so. Do i isolate this guy. And. I found him interested i mean. He was also interested in me. So we're going out. Spending time. Find. And then no. People have always been saying okay you're going out with him and other things. I said good okay even. Because i was seeing all my classmates dating and you know what. So i was happy again tell you i somewhere. And what i always had desired of. So maybe you know i'm going to. Get something happy. Sue. It all started with. I semester exams got over. Be there back home i mean he was also from west bengal. So he was at his place i was at home it was winter then i remember 2014. So every morning so he should go out with a girl and. Post pictures on facebook. In those days whatever is quite new. That made me i mean seeing someone else with him. I didn't know how to react. So i asked him who was she and he said. As my father's friend's daughter i'm going to get married as soon as i finish my degree and. I didn't know. What to say. It was like. So. So i stopped speaking with him. I hate driving in very many ways with contacting me calling my sister and. But he had my sister's number at. But i didn't speak. So we came back to bangalore. But my condition was like i want to tell him i wanted to tell him that. I. Like you. I don't know icon to the i had loved him more. Probably at that point of time i want to say that i love you. And. But you don't i i cannot bear to see you with someone else. A letter with the girl. So. It's killing me from inside. Big and i was scared because i was not formally out and what would people say. I need husband apparently nothing i mean. Judging me and people. Calling app. I mean using derogatory tone soap. Those had always been there since my school days. Why you play with girls. Why don't you play with boys. Why you play with dolls. When do. Post pictures of bikes arctic pictures of bikes on your i don't like bikes i like barbie so let me have a barbie different box so people don't understand that. So now at this point of time so i ordered a big long whatsapp message and i. Forwarded it to him. So this guy that one time so vivid i did my biotechnology so he was working under one of my professors. And i love. So. He went and showed that to. The professor. And. But mine was also puzzled what's happening why is pratik reacting like that because prateek had always been the apple of the eyes and. Submitting assignments on time. What if i didn't you find petite behaving in a very abnormal manner. Now. Nothing. Zoo in that message i had written everything. I mean whatever we had shared the time that we had shared the moments that we had shared. Everything and he went into that to someone else. That to a professor and then everyone in my department all my professors all my friends my classmates. Mycenae was julius everyone knew except me. coming up to me and telling me. What is newton with you you learning new things from you and then and then i sitting here now. And i've decided he often was headed member. Used to have like half days. That was me to sit. All of the teachers my hud dean and everyone. And people ask me a few questions. Where did he touch you how did he touch you. How many times did he touch you. Uyu della's. And then people rely. You know we are loading your things from you we have been here in this college. A walking horse. 30 or 32 years we haven't come across such a thing. It's a shame for you feel my daughter and. All of this. So i lost my father when i was a kid and. I mean my teaches new dazzle. Haven't you thought of your mother. About how deputation days at laurel thing. I didn't have a word to say i kept on crying. And there were two of my friends. I'm off to that incident and this this guy was nowhere to be seen for over a fortnight in or around the college. It was. Very difficult for me that face i mean i lost friends. People. Early people use to mortgage me behind my back or. Maybe. But now the infant of mamelak directly ou. Adult. My classmates i lost i mean. The so-called friends of mine. Deadliest virus to have someone like me as a friend. And. Everybody i mean my professors i would i mean i haven't. I do more than my classmates are friends. My professors. David the people who are. Actually humiliating me more than. My. My own classmate. So it was very difficult for me and i come from a family that to ci. Didn't know how to cook i mean i come from a family that i had seen when people. Odd and grief in front of the altar and the salmon the dat youtube take care. So i. I actually became too religious at that point of time maybe that was miley giselle mechanism. That was the space race. Iphone comforter. No one to question me what i was or how i was out whatever. But after that again. Nothing happened i had. And i mean. Gonzales doctors and other things. But. No sitting here today i would say that i'm grateful to all those people. All of them. Because if they hadn't been if they hadn't done that then. Today. What i am i mean or i am doing or. Denis i am today i would never have. I would have always remind. Anna deville. And. Somewhere try to suppress my own identity. I'm grateful to all of them i mean they helped me realize. I mean so. Island i mean ice. Small. Starting my childhood wedding. Dedham. Tigers cowboys i mean carried by the shepherd of the tub blew up like. Because it was surrounded by sheep. So it's understood that. How many. Also is a sheep like the other then a tiger comes and makes it see its face in the water and see that's that's what you are. I mean it didn't happen that smoothly my case but again i feel david the people who actually helped me realize my cell i mean today i'm writing papers and working with ngos and bring a lot of work i feel good and i'm happy and proud of my identity everyone knows and i mean i've made friends wasn't because of time. And. Yes i'm am no more ashamed or scared to i'm a very difficult then i tried and you got my life and doing all sorts of things and but whatever had happened i feel i mean there was no one. To talk to or. To say i do. Okay fine. We are here for you so. Thanks for even more difficult for that reason. Join the mission. Unite to end victim blame. I never. Ask for it. Send your comments testimony to stand in strength. Power and solidarity. Sending audio testimonial. By email or whatsapp. You can reach us at 91988. 60. 4061 to. Annie may decide. Action hero. Add blank noi.org. And we will connect with you. You are an action shiro. Thank you for listening. 