The situation which was to be addressed in these cases was truly exceptional.
It, therefore, has to be held that the occupation by petitioners cannot be construed as "unauthorized occupation" of the quarters within the meaning of the expression in Section 2(g) of the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971.
The scheme of the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 shows that the notice which is issued under 
Section 4 to show cause is required to specify the grounds on which the eviction is proposed to be made and require the persons concerned to show cause against the proposed order before the specified date when they are to produce evidence in support 
of the show cause.
Having regard to the drastic violation which results from the impugned action and orders, it has to be held that the decision of the authorities to cancel the allotments and proceed for eviction as well as the impugned orders against the petitioners 
are not in accordance with law even on reasonable assessment of proportionality viz-a-viz the object of eviction of unauthorised occupants of the Public Premises Act, 1971.
He has, therefore, filed the writ petition being WP (C) No.15239/2004 challenging the notice issued by the Estate Officer under section 4 of the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1972 to him.
On top of these, 8,768 houses were allotted on "Special Compassionate Grounds" in exercise of discretion under the authority 
of a letter dated 18th July, 1996 from the Cabinet Secretary.
The decision taken to cancel the petitioners' allotments and to initiate proceedings under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 without making available of alternative shelter clearly suggests a drastic change in the government policy so far as these IDPs are concerned.
The decision to treat the petitioners as unauthorized occupants without their resettlement is clearly not premised a change of policy upon application of mind and therefore not sustainable.
It is urged that the respondents have heartily engaged with and manifested extreme concern for refugees from other countries, but have handled inadequately, and even failed to address the difficulties of internally displaced persons.
Unlike the Chakmas, the petitioners are IDPs who complain of violation of the same rights and seek redressal thereof.        
The Central Government has not been able to adequately address the several issues which have been raised.
(C) No.15239/2004 Page 120 of 157 also topical on this objection of the respondents and need to be considered.
Before this court, the respondents have not stated that there is any assessment or calibration in terms of priorities of the 
various of the several projects which the respondents need undertake or the various areas which Government business addresses.
The huge loss to the public exchequer of indiscriminately regularising illegal encroachments on land acquired after payment of large sums as compensation from public funds by the government; encroachments those on public land as also violations of building regulations is not even computed, let alone addressed.
The respondents have not shown any consideration of the petitioners' needs, let alone any steps take to address their plight.To repair the wrong done and give judicial redress for legal injury is a compulsion of judicial conscience.
The petition sought redressal for the trials and tribulations undergone by the minority Sikh community of Coimbatore in Tamil Nadu and a few others in the wake of the assassination of late Prime Minister Smt.
are also classical and topical on this aspect and shed light on the issue under consideration as follows :- 214.
Without meaningfully complying with this order, the respondents have taken recourse to the proceedings under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971.
In view of the above discussion, absent any alternative; the admitted failure of the respondents to protect the constitutional rights of the petitioner and the threats which subsist in case they were compelled to return to their State; given the arbitrary and wrongful failure to exercise the discretion under the SR-317 B-25 of the Allotment of Government Residences (General Pool in Delhi) Rules, 1963 in favour of the petitioners; the drastic violation of the fundamental and basic human rights of the petitioner which results upon such implementation of the statutory provisions; keeping view the schemes of rehabilitation and resettlement of Kashmiri migrants of the respondents, and also the several judicial precedents and administrative orders in respect of similarly placed persons, the action of the respondents in treating the petitioners as unauthorised occupants and proceeding against them under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act, 1971 was completely misdirected and unwarranted.
The decision to treat the petitioners as unauthorized occupants and proceed against them under the Public Premises (Eviction 
of Unauthorized Occupants) Act, 1971 as well as the impugned orders are in violation of the constitutional guarantees and basic human rights of the petitioners, and do not show application of mind to relevant material or consideration thereof.       
In this background, while allowing the writ petitions and having regard to the number of the petitions which have been unnecessarily generated and the lack of material with regard to the persons responsible for the unfortunate decision making, only the litigation costs of the present cases are being awarded.
Result In view of the above discussion, it is directed as follows (i) The impugned orders cancelling the allotment of the petitioners; the orders of eviction passed in the proceedings held against the petitioners under the Public Premises (Eviction of Unauthorised Occupants) Act and the appellate orders which are detailed in para 13 are hereby set aside and quashed.       
Sub-section (3)(b) of Section 13 talks of residuary cases and provides that in a licence under Section 3 in any other case which necessarily would mean that the cases not covered by sub-section (3)(a) and in respect to licences under other provisions of Chapter-II, namely, 4, 5, 6, 10 or 12, he shall grant the same if he is satisfied that the person by whom licence is required had a "good reason" for obtaining the same.
The learned counsel for the appellant further submitted that even the purported dying declaration (Exhibit-PW-18/A) indicates that the flaming gunny bag was thrown from the roof top of Raj Singh‟s house.
„B‟ is the top of the Western wall of the gali which is at a height of 230 cms.
„BE‟ is the distance between the top of the Western wall of the gali and the Eastern- most edge of House No.255.
P.W.10 is Dr. B Narain, Medical officer who conducted autopsy on the body of the deceased namely, Ankur, Anil and Patrika Devi.
(1) Incised wound 20 cm x 4 cm x bone deep on (Right) side of neck extending to left side, s cm of scar top on (right) sideof neck (Underlying muscles, bones vessels and wind pipe cut through and through).
He denied to have known the accused from before the incident but gave topography of the house and the place of incident on the basis of recollection.
He further deposed that the accused had confessed that he had committed murder wearing the self same cloths which he was wearing.
He further deposed that the accused was given another cloths for wearing while his cloths were taken into custody and recovery memo was prepared.
He also collected the cloths which the accused was wearing and marked the same as Exhibit.
The blouse of the prosecutrix was found torn in the back side along the left sleeve.
However, since she did not have spare clothes, the clothes she was wearing could not be sealed.
Constable Khushi Ram then took the FIR and the original ruqqa back to SI Jai Bhagwan at AIIMS, by which time according to SI 
Jai Bhagwan the duty constable produced before him "2 sealed parcels containing petticoat and slide of the prosecutrix and a 
sample seal which I seized vide memo Ex.PW4/A."
According to the trial court, the testimony of the prosecutrix was corroborated by the MLC which recorded that her blouse was torn.
No.384/2000 Page 10 of 38 constable Ms.Topo and a male constable Sagar Chand (DW5).
DW 5 then left the police station taking with him the original ruqqa and the FIR and reached Katwaria Sarai bus stop where DW 3 is alleged to have been waiting, and thereafter returned to the police station only at 10.20 p.m. as is evidenced by DD entry No.73B.
No.384/2000 Page 11 of 38 the prosecutrix stated that her clothes were torn out by the accused at the time of rape, her medical examination showed that only the blouse was torn along the back of the left sleeve and her clothes could not be sealed as 
the prosecutrix did not have any extra clothes.
The FSL report only showed that the semen stains were found on the petticoat of the prosecutrix and that this matched the blood group of the accused Jai Lal.
The entry records that the information received on telephone, was registered in the rojnamcha, and the copy of the report was handed over to ASI Prem Chand (DW 3) who along with Constable Sarla Topo and Constable Sagar Chand (DW 5) left for the place of occurrence.
he told lady constable Ms.Topo that she should return home.
73B, which admittedly was recorded by DW3, states that he and the two accompanying constables Ms.Topo and Sagar Chand (DW 5) 
returned to the P.S.
It is improbable that throughout this time he was at the Katwaria Sarai bus stop as is sought to be suggested.
He again left the police station around 9.30 p.m. with the copy of the FIR and the original rukka and instead of reaching the spot, he reached the Katwaria Sarai bus stop at around 9.40 p.m. where he found the IO standing.
He stayed at the bus stop up to 10.00 - 10.15 p.m. and did not go to the police station.
According to him since the Katwaria Sarai bus stop was a sensitive point he was asked by the SHO to stay at the bus stop.    
The blouse was "torn along with the back of the left sleeve."
It will be recalled that SI Jai Bhagwan (PW 7) stated that "duty constable of the hospital produced before me two sealed parcels containing the petticoat and slide" The MLC of the prosecutrix clearly therefore, does not support the version of the police that two sealed parcels containing the clothes of the prosecutrix and the slides were handed over to SI Jai Bhagwan by the duty constable at the hospital and deposited at the police malkhana by the latter.
What was sent to the FSL was a petticoat allegedly worn by the prosecutrix.
The MLC only reflects that the left sleeve of the blouse at the back portion was torn.
No.384/2000 Page 30 of 38 semen stain on the petticoat of the prosecutrix (which incidentally was not seized at the hospital) is of the B blood group which matches the blood group of the one of the appellants cannot by itself prove the offence of gang rape against him.
It is clarified that the above directions will not come in the way of the appellants seeking appropriate remedies available to them in law to seek redress for the violations of their fundamental and human rights to life and liberty.
She took certain preliminary objections that the petition under Section 13 of the Act was not maintainable, that the husband 
has suppressed material facts; that he was estopped from filing the present petition which is not legally maintainable.      
She pleaded that her parents spent a huge amount on the marriage by giving gold ornaments of 200 grams, silver ornaments, valuable 50 sarees and woollen suits to all the close relatives of the respondent and all these items were chosen by the parents of the respondent.
He has also stated that on the occasion of the marriage of the cousin of the respondent, he had gone to village Mola Hera (Gurgaon) and while taking meal, some eatables fell on his shirt and on this account, the respondent started calling him as illiterate person and that he was not of her status.
PW-9 also introduced new facts regarding the teasing, touching and undressing her.
6.000 per month, praying to grant divorce in his favour by dissolving their marriage solemnized on 30.4.1989 alleging, inter 
alia, to the effect that they are Sikh by birth ; their marriage was solemnised as per the custom (which comes under the Hindu religious customs) at Govind Nagar, Kanpur on 30.4.1989 ; after their marriage the appellant came to his residence but from the very next day she started pressing him either to turn out his aged parents from the house or to separate himself from them or live in a house nearby the house of her parents or to live in her house ; he being a self-respecting man could not agree to any of the aforementioned inhumane demands and flatly refused to oblige her by accepting them which caused great annoyance to her, who became extremely unmanageable, violent and cruel inasmuch as she started picking up quarrels for no cause with him as well as his aged parents many a times she threw cup containing hot tea on him in presence of neighbours and relations but he tolerated all this hoping against hopes that one day she will improve her behaviour and shall discharge her marital obligations but all this went in vain and futile ; a son was born to them on 11.9.1990 who was named Master Guneet Singh but his birth also did not effect any change in her behaviour : the residence of her parents is situate nearby his house and she in his absence frequently used to visit her parents ; each time when she went to her parents she took with her some articles of his house and handed over them to her parents : on coming to know of the aforementioned acts he asked her not to do so but 
she refused to listen, rather she became more furious ; ultimately in the night of 28.12.1990 she left his house and went to 
her house with all her belongings--ornaments, clothes, etc., however, after great pursuatlon she returned back to his house after 6 months but left again in the night of 15.9.1992 of her own and this time she took with her 6 gold bangles, 2 ladies gold kara, 2 sets of gold necklace, 3 sets of gold ear tops, 3 gold rings, one Ginni and one gent's gold kara all belonging to 
him and his mother, valued at Rs.
15,000 and somehow made him to keep her along with him ; despite this her husband puts in pressure on her to bring remaining 
amount and used to torture her ; on 15.9.1992 he assaulted her, got collected all the jewelleries which she was wearing and forcibly drove her out of his house that if she does not bring the balance amount of Rs.
Ka-1), the Head-mohrrir, Harihar Singh registered the case crime no.
Ka-4 and near the dead body were found, shoes Angauchha and 50 paisa coin from the pocket of Kurta and its memo was also prepared which is Ext.
(PW-17), Dr. Roop Narayan Gupta (PW-18), Gurudatt Sharma (PW-19), Mewa Ram Lakhoriya, In-charge Inspector (PW-20), Sri Harihar Singh, Retd.
The deceased was wearing clothes when he had gone from village to his field which could be recognised by him and he denied that on the said night Sateesh Chandra was not abducted and he had concocted a false story in that regard.
Thereafter Het Singh accused was told by Latoori Singh to bring a spade, who brought two spades and a pit was dug in the field of Het Singh 20 yard away from the said mango tree towards North, in which first five attempts of digging were made by Latoori Singh and thereafter others followed and about 5 - 6 feet deep pit was drug in which the dead body of Sateesh Chandra Sharma was buried along with the clothes which included Kurta,Tahamad, Baniyan, Jarsi and shoes.
to the effect that when he went to village Imaliya Purwa of Phool Shri, there the people started addressing him Badmash (person of bad character), to which Phool Shri stated that she was not Badmash, but they would not yield and after catching hold of him, was handed over to PS Kannauj.
After having seen accused Shyam Singh, Manohar, Het Singh, Jai Singh, who were present in court, he stated that he recognises them and that they were the same persons who were present on the spot at the time of kidnapping of vakeel Saab, who was wearing at that time Kurta, sweater, black coloured rubber shoe and a muffler.
A sealed bundle was brought in court before him at the time of his deposition and he had identified sweater as Exhibit- 1, Tahamad as Exhibit- 2, muffler as Exhibit- 3, Kurta as Exhibit- 4 and shoe as Exhibit- 5 and stated that these were the articles which were being worn by the deceased at the time of being abducted.
About these things he had noted in mind but it was wrong to say that the persons who were identified by him had been shown to him already at the police station and also at the time of the remand in the court and he also denied that prior to their identification he was told that the particular miscreants were wearing which clothes and they were to be identified.
was not done in front of him by the police; he had not disclosed to IO as to which miscreant was wearing which clothes.      
He further stated that the miscreants were not wearing Angaucha.
Vakeel Saab had injury in his thumb and was wearing white khaddar kurta, pink sweater, pink muffler and green striped tahamad, underwear and plastic shoes.
He also identified his kurta, muffler, sweater, tahamad, shoes, janeu and underwear.
janeu was Exhibit - 6, Angaucha Exhibit - 7, underwear Exhibit - 8 , baniyan Exhibit - 9 and all these clothes were identified by him as the clothes which the deceased was wearing at the time of his kidnapping.
Both sweater and muffler were of light pink colour.
Further he stated that the sweater which was brought in court was of dark grey colour (katthai) but how many colours were there in muffler he could not tell but the same was a woollen one.
He further stated that he did not know as to how many pockets were in his kurta or how many buttons the same had.
She remained at the house of Het Singh for about one and a half hours and thereafter she was taken by Balak Ram to the South 
of the village at the field of Het Singh, where there were 15 to 20 persons underneath a tree sitting and near them Sateesh Chandra Sharma was sitting with his hands tied behind and was wearing Angaucha.
After his burial, his watch was taken off but other articles which he was wearing were buried with the dead body.
He was wearing at that time rubber shoes, white kurta of khadi, muffler, full sleeves sweater, half dhoti and thereafter Latoori Singh told Het Singh that he should plough the said field in the morning and also gave Mahavir cartridges and told him that there was one more enemy who he should eliminate, then he would give him a rifle.
Sweater Exhibit 1, tahamad Exhibit 2, muffler Exhibit 3, Kurta Exhibit 4, shoes Exhibit 5 were seen by her and stated that these were the same clothes and shoes which were being worn by the deceased prior to the incident and these articles were recovered at the time of exhumation of his body.
She would not tell as to who had purchased sari, watch, kundal and spectacles which she was wearing.
She had purchased sari from Fatehgarh in Rs.
Sari was purchased in the month of March while kundal was purchased in the year 1984 for an amount of Rs.
The sari which she was wearing was of Rs.
She could not tell as to how many saris she had purchased because the box is full of saris which she could not count.        
The same number of spectacles and slippers she has as she has saris.
She was not wearing wrist watch, therefore she could not tell as to for how long they had talked to each other.
His face was visible distinctly, his fingers of hand were appearing clean and a green coloured Angauchha was found wrapped around the neck and the dead body was in Tahmad, Khaddar Kurta, Pink Sweater, Baniyan.
From the pocket of Kurta, a coin of 50 paisa was taken out.
He further stated that the Sweater (Ext.-1), Tahmad (Ext.
3), Kurta (Ext-4) ,shoes (Ext.
6), were the same which deceased Sateesh Chandra Sharam was wearing, when his dead body was exhumed from the field.
In south-eastern corner of the said field about 5 steps away from Babul tree, Deputy sahab had got the digging work done by the villagers and police and when about 5 feet deep pit was dug, therein was found the dead body of Sateesh Chandra Sharma, in whose leg there was one shoe and the other shoe was found after exhumation of body; he was wearing one baniyain, one kurta, 
sweater, muffler, one underwear upon which was tied dhanwala (tahamad) and the body was taken out of the said depth.
This witness in cross-examination has stated that all these clothes were in torn condition, however they could be identified 
; muffler was of pink colour; kurta was of white khadi but he could not tell as to in how many pieces the same was.
When his brother was abducted he was wearing a white kurta of khaddar, sweater of pink colour of full sleeves, muffler with stripes, tahamad of green colour with a red border, underwear of blue colour, baniyain and Janeu.
Further he stated that sweater Exhibit 1, tahamad Exhibit 2, muffler Exhibit 3, Kurta Exhibit 4, shoes Exhibit 5, Janeu Exhibit 6 were the same which his brother was wearing at the time of his abduction.
1 of the memo, names of the accused and their addresses and what was stated by them was entered; in column no.
6 the addresses and name of the witnesses were entered; in column no.
She refused to disclose the name of the persons who had purchased for her sari, kundal, watch and spectacles and thereafter told that the sari was purchased from Fatehgarh from military canteen in Rs.
She denied that Ram Prakash was resident of Nagla Baburi, PS Kayamganj, District Farukkhabad nor does she know that near that village Dhanuks used to live, who were relatives of Anar Singh and denied that Dhanuks of village Bicholi had helped accused Anar Singh to drive away Ram Prakash from the village because of his bad character and denied that because of her deep relationship with the Ram Prakash she was stating false and further stated that she had soft corner for Ram Prakash because of friendship with him as she used to enjoy his company and upon being asked whether Ram Prakash's conviction was liked by her, she stated that he was not punished.
The principle of issue - estoppel was raised.
That in any case the principle of issue - estoppel was not applicable in that it was different to that of autre fois acquit embodied in sec.
PW 3 has clearly stated that Sateesh Chandra Sharma was murdered and was buried in the field of Het Singh in a pit 5 - 6 feet deep at the direction of Latoori Singh along with his clothes and other belongings such as Kurta, tahamad, baniyain, Jersey 
and shoes.
At that time the deceased was wearing clothes and other belongings which were identified by this witness as Exhibit 1 to Exhibit 5 and the rope which was used for the said purpose was Exhibit 7.
We find that although the learned counsel for the appellants did argue that the clothes which are alleged to have been recovered and have been exhibited and are being said to belong to the deceased, were not in recognisable condition as they were badly soiled and in torn condition, but we find that even if the testimony of PW 3 and Phool Shri (PW 6), be kept apart with respect to the fact that they had witnessed the burial of the deceased and therefore being the persons who had immediately prior to murder of the deceased and his being buried had seen what he was wearing, hence they could be in a better position to identify the belongings, we find that the other witnesses who have been examined from the prosecution side have given no less important evidence in respect of recognising the dead body on the basis of personal belongings of the deceased to be that of Sateesh Chandra Sharma, because PW 4 is a witness who is alleged to have remained present when the deceased was kidnapped and therefore he knew what he was wearing then and therefore he was also in a position to identify him through his belongings.    
Next argument before the trial court was that there was material contradiction in the statement of witnesses, which makes testimony of the witnesses unbelievable such as that of PW-3 who had stated that the deceased was wearing 'Tehmat' while PW-6 stated that he was wearing half 'Dhoti'.
Repelling this argument from the side of the prosecution, it was stated that the deceased was wearing 'Tehmat' which also stood corroborated by other independent witnesses and in place of 'Tehmat' PW-6 stated that he was wearing half 'Dhoti' that could not be treated to be a contradiction of much significance because both appeared to be the same.
Since all the four petitions arise from the same investigative process, they were brought together for consideration of the contentions urged by both sides they necessarily overlapping each other.
Further, only because there are restrictions regulating the power of arrest in a cognizable case, or because there are certain pre-requisites to the taking of cognizance - say, filing of a complaint - it does not necessarily lead to the inference, unless there is a statutory provision to such effect, that the empowered agency cannot investigate or arrest without authorization from the court.
A probe of this nature requires due circumspection in as much as the initial suspicions may not necessarily be correct.
There have been cases where the courts have addressed such or similar arguments in the context of the same legislation and, therefore, one has the advantage of judicial view taken in such previous cases.
Necessarily, the same would apply to a prosecution even for IPC offence, if initiated through the complaint mechanism.       
She told that the accused started chasing her and he was insisting her to stop, however, she did not stop.
The Police has taken into possession the burnt hair, sweater, jeans and shirt of the victim.
Thereafter, the accused stopped coming to their house.
He stopped coming to their house.
PW2 Kavita Devi has deposed that the accused was forcing her to stop but she did not stop and thereafter accused proclaimed that he would ruin her life.
(2) The buyer must be personally known to the licence holder, or identified to his satisfaction by producing a Photo Identity Card which has his address or substantiate it with a document giving his address.
(3) The licence holder shall also ascertain, before selling any poison, the name, telephone number and address of the buyer and the witness and the purpose for which the poison is purchased.
When any poison is sold, it shall be the securely securely packed in a closed receptacle or packed and container (according to the quantity); and labeled- every such receptacle or packet shall be labeled by the licensee with a red label bearing in English and in local language giving the name of the poison and the name and address of the licensee.
Do not allow victim to move about unnecessarily.
We are required to address this issue seriously.
The 12 right to life includes the right to live with human dignity and all that goes along with it, namely, the bare necessaries of life such as adequate nutrition, clothing and shelter over the head and facilities for reading, writing and expressing oneself in diverse forms, freely, moving about and mixing and commingling with fellow human beings.
We think that the right to life includes the right to live with human dignity and all that goes along with it, namely, the bare necessaries of life such as adequate nutrition, clothing and shelter and facilities for reading, writing and expressing oneself in diverse forms, freely moving about 14 and mixing and commingling with fellow human beings.
In the present case, accused had been stalking the victim and forcibly asked her to stop when she refused, he poured acid upon her, causing severe burn injuries.
There is also no doubt that the effort to save the person should be the top priority not only of the medical professional but even of the police or any other citizen who happens to be connected with the matter or who happens to notice such an incident or a situation.
In addition to the aforesaid, we are disposed to address on victim compensation.
PW-4/A) narrates the following facts: (f) When Rajeev alighted from the Trax, then they reversed the vehicle, and Sonu, Dinesh and Deepak, came towards Dhaliara ::: Downloaded on - 15/11/2019 20:26:14 :::HCHP 6 and stopped the vehicle near a Dhaba.  
This statement also mentions the fact that the Police had recovered clothes that Sunil was wearing at the time of the crime. 
The report also states that the Laboratory did not find blood on the shirt of Accused Sunil Kumar and clothes of Dinesh.     
It is the jurisprudence of law that cross-examination is an acid-test of the truthfulness of the statement made by a witness 
on oath in examination-in- chief, the objects of which are: (1) to destroy or weaken the evidentiary value of the witness of 
his adversary; (2) to elicit facts in favour of the cross-examining lawyer's client from the mouth of the witness of the adversary party; (3) to show that the witness is unworthy of belief by impeaching the credit of the said witness; and the questions to be addressed in the course of cross-examination are to test his veracity; to discover who he is and what is his position in life; and to shake his credit by injuring his character."
On this, Maung Maung took a pitchfork, and both of them went towards the side of the house and were not visible to other occupants.
Seema Silk & Sarees & Anr.
the defendant is not necessarily entitled to the benefit of every reasonable doubt; but in criminal proceedings, the persuasion of guilt must amount to such a moral certainty as convinces the mind of the Court, as a reasonable man beyond all reasonable doubt.
While re-appreciating the evidence on record, the Supreme Court noticed that in the cross-examination of the PW 4, Subesing, 
a suggestion was made with regard to the colour of the shirt worn by one of the accused persons at the time of the incident. 
Dixit, another senior official of the petitioner-Company, both addressed to the Vice President (Works) of the petitioner-Company.
While the petitioner's services in that case were terminated with immediate effect, Pannu was awarded punishment of stoppage 
of two increments, with cumulative effect.
Abetment, necessarily, involves some active suggestion or support to the commission of an offence.
The words used in Section 2 are no doubt in plural indicating "indulge in anti-social activities" but the sentence does not stop with the words "anti-social activities".
This feudal mind set and male 'chauhanism' that women are nothing but an object of enjoyment is required to be rigorously addressed and strictly dealt with in order to create a healthier society and to increase a sense of security and protection in the mind of women.
(iv) Furthermore, in M/s Seema Silk and Sarees v. Directorate of Enforcement 2008 (5) SCC 580 it was observed- "Reverse burden as also statutory presumptions can be raised in several statutes as, for example, the Negotiable Instruments Act, Prevention of Corruption Act, TADA, etc.
The address given is Malauli, Mohanlal Ganj, Lucknow.
The prosecutrix was wearing Sari, Peticoat and blouse.
They went to the bus stop.
PW-2 further deposed that the respondent took off his clothes and her wearing clothes and committed sexual intercourse with her against her will.
Additionally, there was no weapon of offence or any other instrument to stop the prosecutrix from raising Crl.L.P.
A similar contention as the one here and is not unusual was addressed before the Himachal Pradesh High Court in Sonu Chaudhari vs. State of Himachal Pradesh, 2011 (24) RCR (5) (Crl) 742.
In order to undertake such an exercise the evidence is necessarily required to be looked into and evaluated to adjudge the correctness, legality or propriety of any finding, sentence or order under challenge.
Thus, it is apparent that he had seen the van being reversed and in the absence of any allegation that there were other vehicles on the road at that (6) time, the motorcycle rider could have very well stopped the motorcycle by applying brakes or could have avoided the van, which was being reversed and thus accident itself could h ave been avoided.
He saw the occupants of the room in naked and semi-naked condition and committing obscene acts.
Thereafter, the Investigating Officer enquired the name of other occupants of the room.
BRO 3555 at the bus stop Ketat at about 6.30 p.m. on 13.1.1983.
During the investigation, accused Narender was arrested and his disclosure statement was recorded and at his instance the cot, one stool, the marriage album were seized, autopsy report was obtained whereby the viscera was got preserved which was sent to FSL and subsequently the result of FSL was also produced and the charge sheet was filed against the accused.
Sukhbir Singh, the then Executive Magistrate, PW15 ASI Satya Veer Singh, PW17 Dr. Manoj Dhingra, the autopsy surgeon and PW19 Inspr.
PW2 Ct. Jogender deposed regarding reaching the said spot after receiving DD No.5A, description of the dead body, calling of 
the crime team, SC No.14/12 Page 5/106 calling of the Executive Magistrate at the spot, seizure of the said chunni vide memo 
Ex.PW2/A and removal of the dead body to mortuary of SGM hospital and after the postmortem examination the dead body was given to the relatives vide receipt Ex.PW2/B and the viscera preserved by the autopsy surgeon was seized vide memo Ex.PW2/C.     
Sukhbir Singh was the concerned Executive Magistrate who deposed that he visited the spot on 13.07.2008 when he saw a lady lying on a cot and he inspected the spot and the dead body was ordered to be shifted to the mortuary of SGM hospital and on 14.07.2008, he again went to the SGM hospital where the autopsy was got conducted on the dead body and thereafter he recorded the statement of mother and father of the deceased separately which are Ex.PW3/A and Ex.PW7/A and he gave the direction to the 
SHO for registration of FIR and thereafter he also carried out inquest proceedings vide document Ex.PW8/A and he requested for conducting autopsy vide his application Ex.PW8/B.
He further replied that he first time met the parents of the deceased in the said hospital where autopsy was conducted when he had gone there for recording inquest proceedings on 14.07.2008 but he did not know the exact time but it was before noon.  
He further answered that statements of parents of the deceased were recorded first and thereafter request for conducting autopsy was made vide Ex.PW8/B.
PW15 ASI Satyaveer Singh deposed regarding receiving of DD No.5A, reaching at Village Nizampur on 13.07.2008, finding a dead 
body of the female namely Sweety and informing about the same to the SDM and SHO and summoning of the crime team, seizure of 
the said chunni, inspection of the spot by the crime team and SDM, preserving of the dead body at the said mortuary and getting conducted the postmortem examination, seizure of viscera as preserved by autopsy surgeon and he identified the chunni as Ex.P4.
After remand back of the case, the autopsy surgeon was summoned for further cross examination on behalf of the accused SC No.14/12 Page 11/106 wherein the doctor replied that though he had not mentioned in his PMR Ex.PW17/A about the injuries, but same were antemortem.
He collected the PM report, obtained the final opinion of the autopsy surgeon after getting the FSL result vide his application Ex.PW18/A and he moved another application Ex.PW18/B for seeking opinion regarding the chunni which was seized in the present case and the opinion of the doctor was Ex.PW18/C.
He further testified that in the year 2006 his daughter fell ill during her second pregnancy due to which she was left at his house for treatment where she stayed for about 1 ½ years and none from the side of the accused came to take her back and that the deceased gave birth to a male child at M.B Hospital during her stay at his house and thereafter accused Narender took the deceased after 1 ½ years but accused did not change their behaviour towards his daughter who was harassed and tortured by 
the accused for bringing more dowry and this became a routine affair and that the deceased was beaten and was subjected to cruelty during her stay at her matrimonial home till 13.07.2008 when she called her mother on telephone in the early morning at 5 a.m and told her mother that accused were beating her on account of demand of dowry and that they would definitely kill her and after about one hour of the said telephone, he received a call from accused Surender informing him that his daughter had expired and do whatever he felt like doing and that on hearing this news, he along with family members and co­villagers went to Village Nizampur where they saw that his daughter Sweety was lying dead on a cot and none of the family member of accused was present there and that some injury marks were on her hand and beating marks on her body were found and that police, crime team and the photographer were already present at the spot and photographs of the scene of occurrence were taken and that 
SDM also came at the spot and SC No.14/12 Page 15/106 recorded his statement on 14.07.2008 which is Ex.PW3/A and he identified the dead body of his daughter before autopsy and after autopsy he received the dead body vide receipt Ex.PW2/B and that his daughter was killed by the accused and it was given the colour of suicide.
She replied that after the autopsy the dead body was taken to the house of her in laws at Nizampur and neither accused Narender, the husband of the deceased, gave his shoulder to the dead body to be taken up to the funeral pyre nor he was present there at SC No.14/12 Page 26/106 that time.
In answer to the question as to SC No.14/12 Page 28/106 whether they have anything else to say the accused replied that firstly, they want to challenge the postmortem examination report which is a false and fabricated document and that the doctor has deliberately not mentioned on the said PM report in respect of the injuries as to whether the same were sustained prior or after the death of the deceased and further, the doctor has mentioned in the PM report that time since death was approximately 9 hours whereas it is a matter of record that the time of conducting autopsy has been mentioned as 1 pm on 14.7.2008 whereas the death of the deceased occurred in the morning on 13.7.2008 between 5 a.m to 6 a.m, as alleged in the charge sheet and as such, the time since death could never be 9 hours and secondly, this case is false and fabricated against them which is an afterthought because in the morning on 13.7.2008, parents of the deceased had reached at the spot and made statements to the police as well as to the SDM on the spot in their presence that their daughter had committed suicide only because she could not adjust in the joint family of the accused and was adamant to be separated from the joint family and that they (the parents 
of the deceased) also stated to the said authorities that their daughter made phone calls to them in the morning asking for her demand of separating but they refused to interfere in the matrimonial life of the deceased and due to which, she becoming 
frustrated, committed suicide and that the said authorities also conducted inquiries from the neighbours and from them also and nothing was found against SC No.14/12 Page 29/106 them and that is why no case was registered on that day and that even on the next day, they were all present in the hospital where the postmortem of the deceased was conducted and thereafter they brought her dead body to their house and they performed the last rites and cremation and the co accused Narender being the husband lit the pyre of his wife, the deceased and that the two children, one daughter of about four years and son about 1½ years, of the co accused Narender were with him and the parents of the deceased wanted to take the children with them with the condition that either accused Narender should deposit Rs.5 lacs each in the name of the children or purchase 2 bigha land in their name and to hand over the same to the parents of the deceased and when accused Narender and his family did not agree to this demand, they got the present false case registered against them and that they never absconded from the house and they were always at their house at Village Nizampur and for this reason probably, the accused was enlarged on anticipatory bail by the court and that the present case is the false and fabricated case against them and they are innocent and thereafter the accused preferred to lead additional defence evidence.
PP, DW2 answered that one steel almirah, bed, refrigerator, dressing table, cooler, sofa set, utensils, clothes etc were given as the articles in the marriage and that his parents at the time of marriage had given to his deceased wife one necklace of gold, one gold chain, one gold mangalsutra, one gold ring, one gold tika, silver hathphool (hand garlands) and one silver tagri (waist ornamental belt), one pair SC No.14/12 Page 35/106 of gold jhumkas (ear rings).
He denied the suggestion of receiving one gold chain and SC No.14/12 Page 36/106 other gifts at the time of birth of his daughter from his parents in law and that only two or three sarees of his wife, one saree for his mother and one cradle for his daughter and some eatable items on the occasion were given by his parents in law.
PP that the deposition of PW3 and PW7 go to establish not only the demand of dowry of Rs.50,000/­, the buffaloes and the harassment and cruelty committed upon the deceased but the talk of the deceased on phone to her mother just about one hour prior 
to her death operated as her dying declaration u/s 32 of the Indian Evidence Act and in this regard a judgment of the Hon'ble Supreme Court titled Kans Raj Vs. State of Punjab reported as (2000) 5 SCC 207 has been relied upon and the abrasions on face, lips, wrist, which were antemortem in nature, as mentioned in the autopsy report, were sufficient to establish the resulting cruelty soon before the death of the deceased and in these circumstances, presumption u/s 113B of the Indian Evidence Act 
has arisen and the accused have failed to rebut the same.
Coming to the aspect of injuries found on the dead body of the deceased as per autopsy report Ex.PW17/A.
The four abrasions mentioned in the autopsy report were found on right wrist of the size SC No.14/12 Page 71/106 of 3 x 2 cm, on right side of face 1 x 1 cm, swelling over upper lip and abrasion over left glutial region of size 3 x 1 cm.
To appreciate the deposition of the autopsy surgeon PW17 and the autopsy report, it is necessary to know about the legal status of an autopsy or postmortem examination report under the law of Evidence.
It has been consistently held by many Hon'ble High Courts of India that autopsy report is not a substantive piece of evidence and it can be used only for three purposes i.e.
Judging in the light of the said law laid down with regard to the legal status of the autopsy report, this is admitted case of the autopsy surgeon PW17 that he has not mentioned in the autopsy report Ex.PW17/A that the injuries including ligature mark were either antemortem or postmortem.
Now the question arises as to why the injuries were not mentioned as antemortem in nature either in the autopsy report or in 
his deposition in the examination in chief, the answer may be either the injuries were not antemortem or he did not appreciated the symptoms and features of antemortem injuries while appreciating those four abrasions.
The doubt is as to how he could refresh his memory from the autopsy report Ex.PW17/A about a fact which is not at all mentioned in the same and probably this is the reason that when he was reminded by way of cross examination, then he answered that injuries were antermotem in nature, but still the said answer in the cross examination is full of doubt on many accounts.     
The autopsy surgeon PW17 has mentioned about the ligature mark found on the dead body of the deceased in the present case as 
an obliquely placed ligature mark present on front and sides of neck anteriorly placed over thyroid cartilage going upward and backwards towards SC No.14/12 Page 75/106 posterior hairline length is 21 cm and breadth about 1½ cm and ligature mark from right ear is 3 cm and from left ear it is 6 cm and from chin it is 4 cm and the skin over ligature mark is hard and parchmentised and that on dissection of neck, tissue underneath the ligature mark is pale and glistering.
I can understand that the dissection conducted of the ligature mark and features noted may be sufficient to refresh the memory of the doctor to say that it was antemortem or postmortem in nature, howsoever he might not have written the words "antemortem" in his autopsy report, but there is no such feature noted by the autopsy surgeon about the said other four abrasions so 
as to say that the same were antemortem in nature.
From the point of view of the said medical jurisprudence and the difference between antermortem and postmortem abrasions, neither in the autopsy report Ex.PW17/A nor in the deposition of the autopsy surgeon any such features were noted with regard to said four abrasions so as to say that these were antermortem in nature nor the abrasions were dissected in order to note the said features nor the appearance and changes with the lapse of time between the abrasion received and observed by the doctor at the time of postmortem examination were recorded or noted and thus, there was no material with the autopsy surgeon to answer in cross examination that the said four abrasions were antemortem in nature for the reasons which he would have deposed, 
if available with him.
From the above passage of the Medical Jurisprudence, it is clear that abrasions are generally missing on the bodies in the cases of suicide or in cases of murder, unless the dead body has been SC No.14/12 Page 79/106 dragged and such kind of abrasions could appear even during the shifting of the dead body or handling of the same after death and even then, they may look like antemortem in nature, but in fact, it is not so and the autopsy surgeon should be careful enough to note down the nature of abrasion so as to determine as to whether the same were antemortem abrasions.
The casual manner in which the autopsy in the present case has been carried out and the report Ex.PW17/A is prepared, can be 
demonstrated by another example also.
PW17 has opined that time since death was approximately 9 hours and the autopsy was admittedly conducted by him on 14.07.2008 at about 1 p.m. As per answer in his cross examination given by the doctor, after remand of the case, that the time since death may vary from 4 to 6 hours.
The contention that the PMR was not challenged earlier holds not much water because the accused has a right to challenge the 
same at any forum and this trial is undoubtedly one such forum and more appropriate one, because the accused had the opportunity to cross examine the autopsy surgeon only in the trial.
These things go to establish that something was being cooked up against the accused in between 13.07.2008 and till the time their statements were recorded by the SDM before the autopsy of the deceased in the hospital.
This takes me to discuss the facts of the case before the Hon'ble Apex Court in K. Prema S. Rao's case (supra) wherein, after 3 or 4 months of the marriage, husband of the deceased started demanding from the deceased execution of a deed in his favour of the land and house site gifted to her and that the refusal on the part of the deceased to meet the demand was the cause of her continuous harassment and that taking advantage of his position as the Post Master in the village, the husband never delivered mail sent to the deceased by the father and her sister Nagamani and that her younger sister, after passing Xth class 
examination had to appear for Polytechnic Entrance Test and that as a part of harassment of the deceased, accused no.1 did not deliver the entrance card received from Kakatiya University addressed to the younger sister of the deceased, which resulted in the former loosing the admission to the test and that the deceased somehow was able to lay her hand on the letters addressed to her and which had been concealed by the accused husband and that on finding those letters, she handed over the same to her father and that this incident led to extreme point of harassment and the husband and his parents drove the deceased out 
from their house with stern warning to her to restore those letters and this incident was of cruelty was so grave and unbearable that she SC No.14/12 Page 97/106 committed suicide by consuming a poisonous insecticide Endosulphan on 22.10.1989 and PW4 witnessed the incident of the deceased having been driven out of the house the previous day and also saw the husband taking 
the deceased to the hospital and the PW4 informed about it to the father of the deceased, who rushed to the house of the accused to find the deceased as dead and the father then lodged the FIR.
The first informant, Ms. Sarita Arora, elder sister of deceased Ms. Sadhana Mishra, alleged police did not make proper investigation, alleging further that accused had taken forcible possession of ground floor of C­3, Greater Kailash ­I which actually belonged to her brother Ravinder Sethi, PW2, who lived in Australia and accused, Satish Mishra, was trying to grab the property.
Since the proper investigation was allegedly not done by the police, the first informant, Ms. Sarita Arora wrote a letter to 
Hon'ble High Court which was treated as Criminal Writ Petition No.
In the course of investigation, a copy of Will of Ms. Shiela Sethi, mother of the deceased, first informant Ms. Sarita Arora, PW1 and PW2 Sh Ravinder Sethi, dated 14/06/1986, was seized in terms of which the testator Ms. Sheila Sethi had Willed the ground floor of C­3, Greater Kailash­I in favour of her son PW2, Sh Ravinder Sethi; first floor of said property in favour of 
her daughter, PW1 Ms. Sarita Arora and second floor/barsati floor of said property in favour of her second daughter, deceased Ms. Sadhana Mishra @ Buble and that appeared to the investigating agency to be the bone of contention.
54/08 3/59 State Vs. Satish Mishra of the deceased, Ms. Sadhana Mishra had committed offence of abetment of suicide by way of his cruel behavior and actions by ill treating deceased, by stopping her to take divorce from him and also to grab her property.
Allegedly, the deceased used to talk to complainant PW1 Ms. Sarita Arora, her brother PW2 Sh Ravinder Sethi and Smt Vijay Viz to secure a divorce from her callous husband Satish Mishra, accused, which if happened, then accused would have lost his claim over share of the aforesaid property no.
The cause of death mentioned in the postmortem on the body of the deceased Ms. Sadhana Mishra was asphyxia as a result of hanging which was antemortem in nature caused by ligature (saree).
6(i) PW1 Mrs Sarita Arora, the complainant is the elder sister of deceased.
Despite stopping of the accused, PW1 had met with deceased and they used to go to their relations and also for shopping.     
PW1 found her sister, deceased, hanging with the ceiling fan with the help of saree, at ground floor.
PW2 stated that the accused also started demanding money from him through deceased and the accused stopped giving expenses to deceased w.e.f year 1989­90 onwards.
PW8 stated that he discontinued the topic because he did not want to interfere.
6(ix) PW9 Ms. Asha Choudhary testified that she was airhostess with Sahara Airlines and before her marriage she used to reside as a paying guest with PW1 Ms. Sarita Arora in house no.
6(xvi) PW16 Smt Indu testified that in the year 1996 she was working as a domestic maid of PW1 Mrs. Sarita.
DW1 stated that the relationship between her mother, aunt Sarita Arora and uncle Ravinder Sethi were not good as there were tensions between them concerning their ancestral property C­3, Greater Kailash, Part ­I belonging to her maternal grand mother Smt Sheela Sethi on account of which deceased was very depressed.
DW1 stated that her mother was very depressed over small fights, disagreement which used to happen regularly in front of her 
over issues such as water, electricity with her Massi, PW1 Sarita Arora and every day her mother used to cry, was upset because PW2 used to call her from Australia asking the deceased and family to vacate the house.
54/08 28/59 State Vs. Satish Mishra talk with her about how they had small share of the property C­3, G.K, Part­I, while her 
Mamaji, Sh Ravinder Sethi, PW2 and Massi, Sarita Arora,PW1 had a lion's share and the deceased was very depressed and unhappy over the fights everyday.
C­3, Greater Kailah, New Delhi and with intent to grab share of the deceased in the property, even stopped the deceased from 
taking divorce.
It was also argued that though initially the report was not lodged by the complainant, PW1 and brother, PW2 for few days to do the last rites of the deceased but later their plea for lodging the reports were not heard by the concerned police officials of police station and the complainant addressed a letter to the Hon'ble Chief Justice of our High Court which was treated as a writ petition and direction for registration of the case and investigation of matter was passed.
Predecessor), dated 03/02/1995 against deceased addressed to the SHO, P.S Greater Kailash­I alleging of deceased having taken illegal possession of ground floor portion of property no.
In the letter dated 05/03/99, Mark B, addressed by PW1 to Hon'ble Chief Justice, High Court of Delhi, which was treated as writ petition, PW1 mentioned that after death of her sister i.e deceased, i.e later to 25/11/96, accused had taken the forcible possession of ground floor portion of the said property and occupied it.
The same was, per contra to the averments of document, Ex PW1/DA, letter of PW1 addressed to SHO, P.S G.K­I, dated 03/02/1995 and admitted by PW1, in terms of which PW1 had complained of the deceased having taken illegal possession of the ground floor portion of C­3, Greater Kailash­I of her brother.
Even in the said copy of Will, filed on record by the prosecution, Mark A1, there is mention of both daughters Sarita Arora and Sadhana Mishra being happily married and being well SC No.
In Ex PW2/3 dated 07/06/95, addressed by the deceased to PW2 deceased narrated of having barely managed to over come her depression and with great difficulty reconciled herself to diminished mental capacity.
In Ex PW13/D purportedly addressed by deceased to her Jijaji, dated 27/11/90, there is reference of her decision that come what may, she will maintain peace in her home, having taken on double, triple burden.
Nowhere in the entire evidence on record there is any fact borne out or proved that the accused in any manner had stopped the deceased for taking divorce from him.
None of the prosecution witnesses has testified of the fact of even deceased having told them that accused in any manner had 
stopped her from taking divorce.
Being a literate person, it could be presumed that the deceased was having knowledge of all her rights and her options in law for redressal of her grievances, if any, against one and all.
As per postmortem report on the body of deceased Ex PW15/A, the document admitted by accused on 05/04/05, there is mention that the autopsy was started at 11.15 am on 28/11/96 concluded at 12.15 pm which finds mention of the antemotem injury as "Ligature a synthetic printed saree present over the upper part of neck with the knot on the back.
The cause of death mentioned was asphyxia as a result of hanging which was antemortem in nature caused by ligature (saree).  
From the appreciation of evidence on record, it is crystal clear that there is no iota of evidence proved of the accused having in any manner stopped deceased to take divorce from him with intent to grab her property; or having instigated/provoked/incited/urged the deceased by persuasion to commit suicide in any manner, whatsoever.
As per the photographs on record, the deceased was found standing and hanging by way of tying saree over her neck with ceiling fan and her feet touching upon the bed.
Even photographs depict the stretching of the neck of the deceased towards her right side, saree on one side having been tied with the neck with the knot overleaf the neck, and on the other side with the ceiling fan.
nanad of the prosecutrix deposed that she saw the accused coming out of the room of the prosecutrix wearing underwear.       
She further stated that she also saw the accused who was only wearing underwear coming out of the room of the prosecutrix.   
Thereafter the accused Nadeem Ahmed took the police team to the second floor of his house and took out one blue coloured jeans pant make PEPE and one T shirt of black and white stripes as the same which he was wearing at the time of incident.        
The accused disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing at the time of incident was left by him by mistake at the shop of 
a barber shop namely Shanker Saloon.
PW19/F Seizure memo of pants 68.
He has also deposed that thereafter the accused took them on the 3rd floor of the said house and took out two clothes (one jeans pant and one T­shirt) from behind the washing machine which was lying in the room and told that these are the clothes which he was wearing at the time of incident.
Witness has further deposed that on the same floor the accused Nadeem got recovered one pair of shoes of black colour having 
the blood stains and had disclosed that the accused was wearing the same at the time of incident.
one jacket which is Ex.P­1; one empty maaza bottle of 600 ml which is Ex.P­9; one knife which was got recovered by the accused which is Ex.P­10; one pair of shoes of black colour which is Ex.P­11 collectively; one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt got recovered by the accused which are Ex.P­12 collectively; one bundle of currency notes of Rs.1,25,000/­ (in the denomination of Rs.
According to the witness, he had told the police that he stopped at the shop on the ground floor for two minutes and when the owner of the bakery shop pointed out to him that smoke was coming out from his house on the first floor.
Naresh Kumar which is Ex.PW11/C according to which blood was detected on exhibit 1 (one tile piece), exhibit 3 (cotton wool swab of the blood lifted from drawing room), exhibit 4 (one blanket), exhibit 5 (cotton wool swab lifted from bed room), exhibit 6 (one tile piece), exhibit 8 (one telephone instrument), exhibit 9 (one jacket), exhibit 10 (one pair of shoes of accused), exhibit 11b (one jeans of accused), exhibit 12 (one knife), exhibit 13 (dark brown gauze cloth piece lifted from spot), exhibit 14 (dark brown gauze cloth piece lifted from the spot by FSL team), exhibit 15 (gauze cloth piece,lifted from the spot 
by FSL team), exhibit 16 (gauze cloth piece,lifted from the spot by FSL team) exhibit 17 (dark brown gauze cloth piece described as blood gauze piece of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 18 (a bunch of hair along with a wire of deceased Yasmeen) and exhibit 20 (dark brown gauze cloth piece described as blood gauze piece of deceased Sofia).
exhibit 2(one tile piece), exhibit 7 (one tile piece) and exhibit 11a (one T­shirt) and Semen could not be detected on exhibit 19 a (cotton swab on stick labelled as vaginal swab kept in a tube of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 19b (cotton swab on stick 
labelled as anal swab kept in a tube of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 21a (cotton swab on stick labelled as vaginal swab kept in a tube of deceased Sofia) and exhibit 21b (cotton swab on stick labelled as anal swab kept in St.
Naresh Kumar also gave his Serological Report which is Ex.PW11/D according to which Human Blood of A Group was detected on exhibit 1 (tile piece), exhibit 8 (telephone instrument), exhibit 9 (jacket), exhibit 13 (blood gauze), exhibit 14 (blood gauze), exhibit 15 (blood gauze), exhibit 17 (blood gauze) and exhibit 18 (hair) and Human Blood of O Group was detected on exhibit 11b (jeans pant of the accused) and on exhibit 20 (blood gauze of deceased Sofia).
Witness has further deposed that local inquiry revealed that one Nadeem had come to the house during the day who was relative of the deceased and was residing at J­3/67, JJ Colony, Wazirpur on which he sent his staff to the above address i.e.        
Witness has testified that the accused then took them to the ground floor of his house and from the taand situated on top of 
the main door entrance, got recovered one dagger type weapon.
The witness has also deposed that the accused then took everybody to the second floor of his house and from the clothes kept 
in the room near the washing machine took out a blood stained pant and T­shirt and pointed out the same as the clothes which 
he was wearing on the date of the incident.
According to him, the accused also got recovered one pair of shoes from large number of shoes kept behind the door as the same which he was wearing on the date of the incident on which the Investigating Officer converted the same into different pullanda and sealed them and thereafter seized the same.
The witness has further testified that the accused also disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing on the day of the incident had been left in the shop of the barber on which the accused then led them to the said shop and after the barber opened 
the said shop the accused got recovered a jacket as the same which he was wearing on the day of the incident.
one jacket which is Ex.P­1; one empty maaza bottle of 600 ml which is Ex.P­9; one knife which was got recovered by the accused which is Ex.P­10; one pair of shoes of black colour which is Ex.P­11 collectively; one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt got recovered by the accused which are Ex.P­12 collectively; one bundle of currency notes of Rs.1,25,000/­ (in the denomination of Rs.
The witness has also deposed that he had only informed the officers who had gone to bring Nadeem about his address orally but not in writing, which address he came to know from the public persons present at the spot.
He is unable to tell the name of the person who had given him the address of Nadeem.
He has denied the suggestion that he was unable to tell the details as no such person had given him the address of Nadeem as 
is being claimed by him.
which is Ex.PW20/DX1 he did not specifically mention that the accused also disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing on 
the day of the incident had been left in the shop of the barber on which the accused then led them to the said shop and after the barber opened the said shop he got recovered a jacket as the same which he was wearing on the day of the incident and investigating officer then converted the same into pullanda and sealed the same and thereafter seized the same and has voluntarily explained that he had mentioned in his statement that the accused had made a disclosure and all these facts are part of his disclosure which was made in front of SHO.
He has also deposed that thereafter the accused took them on the 3rd Floor of the said house and took out two clothes (one jeans pant and one T­shirt) from behind the washing machine which was lying in the room and informed that these were the clothes which he was wearing at the time of incident.
According to the witness, on the same floor the accused Nadeem got recovered one pair of shoes of black colour having the blood stains and disclosed that he was wearing the same at the time of incident, on which the aforesaid shoes were also converted into parcel and taken into possession vide seizure memo Ex.PW19/G.
one jacket which is Ex.P­1; one empty maaza bottle of 600 ml which is Ex.P­9; one knife which was got recovered by the accused which is Ex.P­10; one pair of shoes of black colour which is Ex.P­11 collectively; one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt got recovered by the accused which are Ex.P­12 collectively; one bundle of currency notes of Rs.1,25,000/­ (in the denomination of Rs.
which is Ex.PW22/DX1 he did not specifically mention that after the accused disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing on the day of the incident had been left in the shop of the barber, the said shop was got opened after going to the house of the barber on which the recovery of the jacket was got effected and has voluntarily explained that he had mentioned the fact regarding recovery.
According to the witness, he thereafter took the police party at the third floor of his house and got recovered one blood stained jeans pant of blue colour and one white and black coloured lining T shirt as the clothes which he was wearing at the time of incident.
He has testified that the complainant Aslam was also present at that time and the accused disclosed that he was wearing the aforesaid jacket at the time of incident and the aforesaid jacket was also converted into cloth parcel and sealed with the same seal and the aforesaid parcel was also taken into St.
The same is Ex.P­9; knife got recovered by the accused which is Ex.P­10; one pair of shoes of black colour which is Ex.P­11 collectively; one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt got recovered by the accused as belonging to him which is Ex.P­12 collectively; one bundle of currency notes of Rs.1,25,000/­ in the denomination of Rs.1000/­ having the signature on the first note of the bundle got recovered by the accused from the kit bag of the motorcycle which are Ex.P­13; one white coloured mobile phone and black coloured cover as the same as belonging to the deceased Yasmeen which are Ex.P­14 collectively and motorcycle bearing no.
which is Ex.PW23/DX1 he did not specifically mention that after the accused disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing on the day of the incident had been left in the shop of the barber, the said shop St.
The witness has further deposed that thereafter the accused Nadeem Ahmed took them to the second floor of his house and took 
out one blue coloured jeans pant make PEPE and one T shirt of black and white stripes as the same which he was wearing at the time of incident.
He has testified that on checking the aforesaid clothes, he found blood stains on the right leg of the pant near knee and on 
the bottom of the said leg of the jeans pant and he converted the aforesaid clothes into parcel and sealed with the seal of SK after which the parcel was taken into possession vide seizure memo Ex.PW19/F.
According to the witness, the accused Nadeem Ahmed also took out the black coloured leather shoe having the rubber sole and having the blood stains from behind the doors of right side and disclosed that these are the same shoes which he was wearing at the time of incident.
Witness has also deposed that thereafter the accused disclosed that the jacket which he was wearing at the time of incident was left by him by mistake at the shop of a barber namely Shanker Saloon.
Witness has further deposed that on the left side of the jacket, the word ADIDAS was found mentioned and the accused disclosed that this was the same jacket which he was wearing at the time of incident on which he (witness) converted the aforesaid jacket into parcel, sealed the same with the seal of SK and the sealed parcel containing jacket was taken into possession vide 
seizure memo Ex.PW17/A.
Witness has also deposed that on 21.03.2013 he took the ligature wire and pullanda of Chhura/ knife from the MHC(M) and took 
the same to the Autopsy Surgeon seeking subsequent opinion and he took the subsequent opinion from the Autopsy Surgeon on his application Ex.PW25/E which subsequent opinion is Ex.PW14/C.
the jacket recovered by the accused Nadeem which is Ex.P­1; a transparent container having the piece of blood stained tile which is Ex.P­2; a transparent container having the piece of tile (control) which is Ex.P­3; a blanket of printed multicolor having blood stains which is Ex.P­4; telephone instrument with wire which is Ex.P­7; a transparent container having the hair which is Ex.P­8; one empty maaza bottle of 600 ml which is Ex.P­9; knife got recovered by the accused which is Ex.P­10; one pair of shoes of black colour which is Ex.P­11 collectively; one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt got recovered by the accused as belonging to him which is Ex.P­12 collectively; one bundle of currency notes of Rs.
Naresh Kumar which is Ex.PW11/C according to which blood was detected on exhibit 1 (one tile piece), exhibit 3 (cotton wool swab of the blood lifted from drawing room), exhibit 4 (one blanket), exhibit 5 (cotton wool swab lifted from bed room), exhibit 6 (one tile piece), exhibit 8 (one telephone instrument), exhibit 9 (one jacket), exhibit 10 (one pair of shoes of accused), exhibit 11b (one jeans of accused), exhibit 12 (one knife), exhibit 13 (dark brown gauze cloth piece lifted from spot), exhibit 14 (dark brown gauze cloth piece lifted from the spot by FSL team), exhibit 15 (gauze cloth piece,lifted from the spot 
by FSL team), exhibit 16 (gauze cloth piece,lifted from the spot by FSL team) exhibit 17 (dark brown gauze cloth piece described as blood gauze piece of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 18 (a bunch of hair along with a wire of deceased Yasmeen) and exhibit 20 (dark brown gauze cloth piece described as blood gauze piece of deceased Sofia).
exhibit 2(one tile piece), exhibit 7 (one tile piece) and exhibit 11a (one T­shirt) and Semen could not be detected on exhibit 19 a (vaginal swab of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 19b (anal swab of deceased Yasmeen), exhibit 21a (vaginal swab of deceased Sofia) and exhibit 21b (anal swab of deceased Sofia).
95 (telephone instrument), exhibit 9 (jacket), exhibit 13 (blood gauze), exhibit 14 (blood gauze), exhibit 15 (blood gauze), 
exhibit 17 (blood gauze) and exhibit 18 (hair) and Human Blood of O Group was detected on exhibit 11b (jeans pant of the accused) and on exhibit 20 (blood gauze of deceased Sofia).
Further, the blood of A Group was detected on the Jacket of the accused Nadeem which he allegedly got recovered and blood of 
O Group was detected on the jeans pant of the accused Nadeem which he got recovered from his house.
Here, I may observe that blood on the pants allegedly got recovered by the accused was of child Sofia i.e.
In normal course the blood of the child Sofia whose throat was slit/ cut on the bed should have been on the Jacket and blood 
of Yasmeen should have been on the pants as she was dragged on the floor and not vice­a­versa which is not the case and hence I find merit in the argument of the Ld.
The Forensic Report establishes the presence of blood on the clothes of the accused including his Jacket which he was allegedly wearing at the time of the incident.
While the Jacket showed the presence of blood group of Yasmeen, the blood group of Sofia was found on the jeans pant and only human blood was found on the knife Ex.P­10 (without any grouping).
(121) Regarding the motive of crime, it may be observed that in a case based on circumstantial evidence, the existence of motive assumed significance though the absence of motive does not necessarily discredit the prosecution case, if the case stands otherwise established by other conclusive circumstances and the chain of circumstantial evidence is so complete and is consistent only with the hypothesis of the guilt of the accused and inconsistent with the hypothesis of his innocence.
Also, the photographs of the dead body of the child Sofia shows that she was in her casuals and not in school dress to confirm the case of the prosecution.
The circumstance of last seen together does not by itself and necessarily lead to the inference that it was the accused who committed the crime.
the circumstantial evidence on which the prosecution is placing its reliance, I may observe that the said evidence is in the 
form of recovery of various articles particularly the Maaza Bottle with kerosene smell from the DDA Park; Rs.1,25,000/­ and mobile phone of the deceased Yasmeen from the kit box of the motorcycle parked in front of the houses of the accused; the clothes particularly the Jacket and shoes which the accused was wearing at the time of the incident containing the blood stains of the deceased.
Jacket, pants, T­ shirt and shoes worn by him at the time of the incident, the knife used by him in committing the offence, the robbed amount of Rs.1,25,000/­, robbed mobile and Maaza Bottle containing kerosene oil.
Thereafter, the accused took us on the IIIrd floor of the said house and took out two clothes (one jeans pant and one T­shirt) from behind the washing machine which was lying in the room and told that these are the clothes which he was wearing at the time of incident (objected to by Ld.
Defence Counsel on the ground of admissibility about wearing of these clothes).
He has disclosed that the accused was wearing the same at the time of incident (Objected to by the Ld.
11 with the seal of FSL NK Delhi which is opened and one blue jeans pant and one black and white lining T­shirt are taken out and shown to the witness who correctly identify the same St.
➢ Why the child Sofia was not in her school dress and where is her school bag when it is the case of the prosecution itself that the accused Nadeem killed Sofia because while he was committing the robbery of cash and mobile from Almirah, Sofia returned from school and saw him?
It is also not possible that a person who has committed a double murder in full day light would conveniently and fearlessly roam around in the area in clothes smeared with fresh human blood so as to even expose himself to a Barber where he goes for getting his shave done wearing the same clothes and then leaves behind his blood stained Jacket.
It also does not appear probable that the accused Nadeem would then return home in broad day light wearing the same blood stained clothes and leave the robbed amount of cash i.e.
Why the child Sofia was not in her school dress and where is her school bag when it is the case of the prosecution itself that the accused Nadeem killed Sofia because while he was committing the robbery of cash and mobile from Almirah, Sofia returned from school and saw him?
7652/12, who made the statement, which is to the effect that, she lives at the above address with her family and is working at the post of A.N.M.
She does not recollect as to whether the clothes which she was wearing taken into possession by police or not.
She has seen the statement in the form of an application addressed to the SHO PS ­ Kanjhawla dated 12/05/2012.
He identified the clothes one black color pajami and one white colour shirt belonging to prosecutrix as Ex.
I do not recollect as to whether the clothes which I was wearing were taken into possession by police or not.
"I have seen the statement in the form of an application addressed to the SHO PS ­ Kanjhawla dated 12/05/2012.
one black colour Pajami and one white colour Bade Butidar Shirt to the Police."
"At this stage, MHC(M) has produced one sealed pulinda sealed with the seal of 'RK' and the same is opened and it found containing one black colour Pajami and one white colour Bade Butidar Shirt.
It is wrong to suggest that Mark P1 and Mark P2 belongs to me which I was wearing at the time of incident and today I am not 
identifying them intentionally."
The act of pulling a woman, removing her saree, coupled with a 31 of 38 32 FIR No.
At the time of her marriage, she was presented with 6 gold rings, 8 gold bangles, 3 gold chains, one nath (gold), 5 ear rings (pair), one gold set consisting of neckless, ring and pair of ear rings, 15 Kangipuram Sarees, 10 Silk Suits, 1 Steel Almirah by her parents.
whenever she mentioned about it to her husband ,he stated that he cannot do regarding this and whenever she told this fact to her mother in law she said that she was unnecessarily defaming her father in law.
Her Kurta which she was wearing had torn of.
When she asked her daughter she told her that when she was feeding her baby her father in law pulled her from the bed with her Kurta and her Kurta had been torn and thereafter her husband had taken her son from her.
Pur 16 father in law of her daughter used to have the opportunity to touch her and whenever she mentioned about it to her husband he stated that he cannot do regarding this and whenever she told this fact to her mother in law she said the complainant that she was unnecessarily defaming her father in law.
Pur 20 shirt, which she was wearing, was torn of from the sides.
She had received injuries and her shirt was torn.
Her kurta which she was wearing was also torn off.
Moreover, the complainant in her testimony nowhere stated that her Kurta was torn off in the incident dated 18.11.1996 but her parents stated so.
According to the witness, the clothes which he was wearing at the time of incident were smeared with blood.
527/2013, PS : Sultanpuri Page 8 of 36 boys came there and stopped their way.
He further stated that the clothes including pant and shirt of Manoj were smeared with blood.
31.8.2013 there was some celebration in the area where the complainant and the accused resided, where the DJ / Music was going and there was a hot talk between Manoj and the accused Parveen after which Manoj returned home but at about 12:00 midnight 
one Jagbir had come to the house of Manoj and he was going to leave him when the accused persons stopped him on the way.     
I have heard arguments addressed by learned Addl.PP for the State and learned defence counsel and perused the record.        
Announced in the open court on 08.07.2014 (Sarita Birbal) Additional Sessions Judge, (SFTC), Karkardooma Courts, Delhi SC No.I cannot tell the name of said police official who terrorized me but he was not wearing police uniform.
She again deposed that she cannot tell the name of said police official who terrorized her as he was not wearing police uniform.
The doctor asked her husband to give blood but her mother in law stopped her husband from giving blood and only after the the doctor convinced him, he gave blood.
PW1/A again manifest that the complainant has not stated anywhere that her mother in law stopped her husband from giving blood.
In her evidence, she has also stated that after the said incident, her husband left her to her parental house in three wearing clothes after giving her beatings.
26.As regards 406 IPC, the complainant PW1 stated in her evidence that at the time of marriage her brothers had given almost 
all furnitures articles consisting of double bed, sofa­set along with central table, one dressing table with stool, one two wheeler scooter Bajaj Chetak, one colour T.V.
(Vedeocon), one mixi (Bajaj), all the kitchen utensils, Fridge (Kelvinator­165 Ltrs), 7 Sarees for herself and one brief case, two/three suits, one steel almirah, one necklace (gold), one ring (gold), one nath (gold), ear rings (gold), silver pajeb, 
one silver mangalsutra, two silver rings, hair clips (silver), hathphul (one silver).
On her marriage, her in laws had given her one gold Tika, four gold bangles, one gold necklace, one silver tagri, a pair of silver Pajeb (heavy) and nine Sarees.
Raj and Pushpa had got removed all her jewellery articles which she was wearing (gifted by her in laws) saying that there was a fear of getting these things stolen and they would keep them in safe custody.
Her jewellery articles and clothes which were given to her by her parents as well as dresses from the side of the accused persons have not been returned to her till date.
PW­9 is Dr. Mohan Lal Parihar who had deposed on behalf of Dr. Anis, who had left the hospital and his whereabouts are not known, and had duly identified the handwriting and signature of Dr. Anis.
She also stated that vehicle stopped at main red lights.
The vehicle had stopped on many red lights but the prosecutrix never tried to raise alarm when she was forcibly kidnapped by 
the accused Ashwani who admittedly did not make any assault upon her on the way.
She used to give her different addresses in every case.
3878/2009 wherein it has been observed that the relief of residence is only available to an applicant who is or has been residing with the accused/respondent in the shared household soon before filing of the complaint and relief of residence is not available to complainant who has long stopped residing with the accused and now seeking the claim of repossession, which is not maintainable.
legal aid counsel for accused, this witness has deposed that she has been working with the aforesaid NGO for last two years and her name, address and telephone numbers were provided by the NGO/Delhi Women Commission to Police Stations.
This witness has further deposed that she had noticed blood stains on the wearing pant of victim and she asked her about blood stains on her pant and victim had told her that Alijaan @ Mulla, accused present in court (correctly identified), had called her in his room, he put off her pant and inserted his finger into her vagina as a result of which blood had come out and it was also told by victim to her that on seeing the blood accused had run away from his tenanted room.
legal aid counsel for accused further argued that as per PW4, victim was wearing pant at the time of incident but victim in her statement states that she was wearing kachha at the time of incident.
Baba gave address to her.
He suggested her the name of accused Dharampal and requested her to contact accused Dharampal for taking loan and gave residential address of accused to Smt.
She sat in TSR with them and when TSR reached in the market, Bhola after getting the TSR stopped, brought three tea and they 
consumed the tea.
After closing of prosecution evidence, I have heard arguments addressed by Ld.
torn Kamiz (shirt), Shamiz (undershirt), brassier and Dupatta were lying.
The dead body was lying covered with the orange colour saree and upon removing said saree, the upper half of dead body was found naked.
Deceased was wearing blue colour Salwar and on the ground, lot of blood with one blood stained gents' vest was also lying.   
After postmortem, the autopsy surgeon handed over Ct. Arvind the viscera, one cloth parcel containing clothes of the deceased, blood in gauze, one plastic bottle containing vaginal swab, one plastic bottle containing anal swab, one sealed plastic bottle containing vulval swab, one sealed plastic bottle containing perianal swab of the deceased, one sealed plastic bottle containing control swab, one sealed plastic bottle containing finger nail clipping of right hand of deceased, one sealed plastic bottle containing finger nail clipping of left hand of deceased, one sealed plastic jar containing bangle and pajeb (single) of the deceased and three sample seal of department of Forensic Medicine AIIMS.
Then, he made the dead body wear clothes, put Sindoor on her head and covered the body with the Saree.
PW9 Dr. Shashank Puniya, the Autopsy Surgeon 2.
She admitted that police had picked up clothes comprising blue clour shirt, one bra, one shemize and one chunni smeared with 
blood from the bed in the room.
She further admitted that one blue colour shirt, one bra, one shemize, and one chunni smeared with blood were also recovered 
from the deceased's jhuggie.
one torn lady's shirt, one shemize (under shirt), one brassiere and one cloth piece as Ex.
6.6 PW1 further deposed that she had not handed over any document for showing that she was residing at the given address.    
After entering into the room, PW2 saw that a chunni or saree was lying on the cot and after removing the same, he saw her sister and her throat was cut (gala reta hua tha).
Further that, thereafter, he kept chunni or saree back on deceased's face in the same condition and called the police.       
Further that, his sister (deceased) was brought outside the room while her face was covered with sari or chunni.
PW2 admitted that blood stained clothes including one blue colour shirt, one bra, one white colour shemize of deceased were lying in the room where she was found lying dead and further that one blood stained jaalidar baniyan of Reebok make was also lying in the room, and that police had got the photographs taken and that police had prepared the site plan and further that clothes of deceased and baniyan of accused were converted into parcel and same were seized.
8.1 In his cross-examination, PW6 further deposed that he had been residing in Delhi since 1984 with his family at the address Jhuggi no.330, Rangpuri Pahari, Gulabo Camp, New Delhi.
PW13 denied to have handed over any document to police as proof of their residence at the address given in his examination in chief.
11.1 In her cross-examination, PW19 deposed that she had started residing at the address of Gulabo Camp Jhuggie, Rangpuri FIR No.294/11 St.
Vs. Sanjay @ Pappu Page No.37/137 Pahari, one month prior to the incident and deceased was already residing in her house before she (PW19) started residing there on the aforesaid address.
Clothes (orange sari, blue petticot, black penty and green mattress).
Further as per PW8, bra, shemize, one shirt and one chunni lying under the folding bed were sealed by the SHO, one jaalidar baniyan, one gudri, gadda, takiya (pillow) which were also lying in that room were also taken into possession and seized.     
Pursuant to said information, he alongwith HC Rajesh, Ct. Manoj and Ct. Zuber Khan reached at Gulabo camp where in a room, he noticed dead body of one female of about 30 years covered with orange saree and one quilt was lying on the cot.
One kamij (shirt), samiz, bra, one baniyan (vest) made of net and Dupatta having blood stains were also lying on the floor near the cot.
IO lifted the bra, dupatta, shirt, undershirt, vest, mattress, pillow, quilt and one gudari and converted the same in one parcel and sealed with the seal of IS and seized vide seizure memo Ex.
PW21/E and other relevant documents were sent to autopsy surgeon for postmortem.
P-2, ladies shirt, shameez, bra and one piece of cloth having dirty marks as Ex.
P-3 (colly), jaalidar T-shirt/baniyan as Ex.
PW24 found that upper portion of body of deceased was naked but covered with the orange colour saree.
shirt, bra, under shirt (Shameez) and Chunni which were lying on the floor were taken into police possession and sealed in a 
parcel bearing Sr. no.1 with the seal of IS and taken into police possession vide seizure memo Ex.
(V) The upper portion of dead body of deceased was naked and her blood stained shirt, undershirt, bra and chunni were found lying near the dead body.
The version of the autopsy surgeon with regard to death being caused due to hemorrhage and injury no.1 being sufficient to cause death in ordinary course of nature, has gone unrebutted and hence, the above fact that the death of deceased was homicidal stands proved on record.
Babli on the basis of which, the FIR was lodged also narrates the fact that the deceased was living in a room at the aforementioned address with her husband and two children.
She further deposed that she had not handed over any document showing proof of her (PW1) residence at the address given in her statement.
She further deposed that she had started residing at the aforementioned address in Gulabo Camp, one month prior to the date of incident and when she came to live there, deceased was already residing there in that locality.
Even as per PM report and version of autopsy surgeon, both side tubectomy was done on the deceased.
The dead body was naked from the upper portion and one kameej (kurta), shameej, bra, one baniyan and one chunni with blood stains were found lying on the floor near the cot.
Careful perusal of seizure memo shows that the suit/kameej/kurta of the deceased was found torn from the middle till the end 
and even the bra and shameej were also torn as one of the string of the shameej was found broken while the bra was also torn 
from one side.
Vs. Sanjay @ Pappu Page No.96/137 that they had seen the accused wearing said baniyan on the date of incident or even prior to that.
PW2/A was a jaalidar vest), was a T- shirt and there is nothing to show that it was hooded vest or it was knitted or of net.
Circumstance(v) & (vi): The upper portion of dead body of deceased was naked and her blood stained shirt, undershirt, bra and chunni were found lying near the dead body.
Vs. Sanjay @ Pappu Page No.97/137 used to beat her and even on the date of incident, when deceased refused to have sex with him, he got enraged, left the home and after sometime, he returned back with a kassi/fawra and murdered the deceased by slitting her throat and thereafter, he torn the clothes of deceased which she was wearing on the upper half and tried to have sex with the dead body.
PW2/B of deceased's clothes, half sleeved ladies shirt of blue colour was found in torn condition and front portion of said shirt was torn in two pieces from the middle, the ladies bra of white colour was also torn from one side, the string of the ladies shamiz (undershirt) was also torn.
It is argued on behalf of the prosecution that since the deceased died after brutal assault of fawra on her neck, the accused torn her clothes which she was wearing on her upper portion before having sex with the dead body.
As per said information, they reached bus stand of Sultanpuri where accused Sanjay was found standing with his brother Mahavir on the bus stop.
v) The upper portion of the dead body was naked and her blood stained shirt under shirt, bra and chunni were found lying near the dead body.
It was further stated that Vasu Gupta was missing since 6:30 pm and was wearing black colour T-Shirt and Cream colour pant and went to play outside, but did not return.
Police seized Santro car of accused Amit Gupta @ Monu and one button of shirt of the deceased was recovered from this Santro 
car, whereas one hair, sleeping pills, mobile tab, mobile phones, strip of tablets, Coca Cola bottle containing liquid and blood-stained pillow cover were sized FIR No.
It is further admitted that in morning on 24.04.2014, deceased was not wearing black colour T-Shirt and cream colour pant.   
At about 4.30 am, in the area of Macca Masjid, accused Amit met him near Water Tank in Santro Car and stopped car and informed him that 'Vasu mil gaya aur GTB hospital mei hai'.
He stopped his car near him and informed that he was bringing petrol for his bike.
It is admitted that he did not tell to police in his statement that Rehman was present with Amit Gupta in car when he stopped near him.
During cross examination, he has admitted that the mother of child disclosed that the deceased Vasu Gupta was wearing T- shirt and nikkar, but he was not aware as to whether she disclosed the colour of clothes or sandals or shoes.
It is further admitted that the parents of deceased did not disclose to IO in his presence as to whether Vasu was wearing shoes or sandals or what was the colour of those sandals.
It is further admitted that when he saw the dead body of the child his clothes were not torn off and even all buttons of the 
shirt were not buttoned and clothes covered his entire body.
PW32 has deposed that he firstly saw the dead body of deceased at about 7.00 am on 25.04.2014 and was aware about the clothing / wearing of child through FIR when he left PS, but did not remember about the descriptions / types of footwears worn by the deceased.
He inspected the dead body before removing to hospital and child was wearing shirt, but he did not remember how many buttons 
were tagged in the said shirt.
He inspected the dead body after lifting the shirt, but could not say as to whether all the buttons of the shirt were intact.He did not check as to whether all the buttons of the shirt were intact.
It is further admitted that deceased was wearing clothes by the time family members identified him and those clothes were handed over to him on 04.06.2014.
It is further admitted that he did not disclose about the wearing or types of footwears FIR No.
It is further admitted that he did not record statement of any such witness who saw the deceased wearing those sandals.      
He saw shirt of the deceased when dead body was inspected, but no thread was recovered from the car when button was recovered.
It is further admitted that he did not send the button to FSL for comparison with other buttons of the shirt and even recovery was also not video-graphed / photographed.
They are being threatened, intimidated and at the top of all they are subjected to lengthy cross-examination.
The relative witness is not necessarily an interested witness.
A former statement though seemingly inconsistent with the evidence need not necessarily be sufficient to amount to be 'contradicted' would affect the credit of the witness.
Reddish abrasion 2 x 2 cm present over right shoulder top, 2 cm medial to acromium.
Counsel for the accused has argued that this recovery was of no use as there was no proof that deceased was wearing such sandals when he left his home and there sandals were also not subjected to any TIP due to this recovery cannot be connected to the accused.
This massage contains description of the clothes of deceased as - Black T-Shirt, Cream Color pant and red color Sandals.     
Contrary to it, she has admitted that she did not provide any description of last wearing or footwears of the deceased to the police.
During this search, by FSL team recovered one button and prosecution has connected this button to the shirt of the deceased, 
but this recovery was also not beyond doubt.
APP for the State has argued that this recovery was connected to the deceased, as it was the button of the shirt of deceased 
and might have been left behind when accused transported the dead body of the deceased to the spot of its recovery by this vehicle.
74 of 91 sought any FSL opinion regarding this button, as to whether it was connected to other buttons of the shirt of the deceased or not.
PW1 and PW3 coupled with WT massage have proved that the deceased was wearing Black T-Shirt, but his body was recovered in a 
printed shirt which was beyond explanation and was totally different.
(xv) There is doubt as to whether deceased was wearing Black T-shirt when he got missing or the shirt in which his dead body 
was recovered.
Even button of shirt allegedly found in the car of the accused also could not be connected to this crime.
(xvi) Further, it is not beyond explanation if deceased was wearing black T-Shirt, then how his body was found in printed shirt and how his clothes changed, but both facts remained uninvestigated.
(xvii) That IO failed to send shirt button to FSL for comparison with other buttons of the shirt and also failed to get conducted TIP of button to prove that button belonged to the same shirt or belonged to deceased.
(xviii) That button of shirt was allegedly recovered from the car, but this recovery was doubtful as keys of the car remained in unlawful custody of FIR No.
However, 2 years ago, I have been residing on the above said address.
After completion of investigation, all accused were charge-sheeted, but accused Niranjan @ Khasari @ Ramesh @ Surender absconded and declared PO.
On 03.10.2013, he again got extended J/C of accused and also searched third accused Niranjan @ Khansari, but could not be arrested.
In case, the version of complainant is to be believed then she should have been first one to address her complaint to the Judge and not the accused.
It was underlined that the testimony of the victim in such cases, though commands great weight but the same, cannot necessarily be universally and FIR No.
But his family left that address in July, 2014 and started residing in New Chandrawal.
His sister showed photographs of the accused to the PG owner who, after seeing the same, gave his postal address to the police.
PW9 W/HC Kiran registered the case FIR Ex.PW7/C on 09.04.2017 at 8:50 P.M., when she was handed over rukka Ex.PW7/A by W/SI Sarita.
PW7 W/SI Sarita is the first IO and she deposed that the prosecutrix alongwith her brother Ram Sewak came to the police station on 08.04.2017 and handed over written complaint Ex.PW7/A to the duty officer which was marked to her.
He handed over the case file to W/SI Sarita to whom further investigation was assigned.
When Pinki left for market, she was wearing, locket, necklace and ear-rings and also had with her Rs.
According to her, she changed the dress, informed her mother and left the house.
At that time, she was wearing a chain, ear rings and a ring.
The Chemical Examiner examined the underwear of the appellant and Petticoat of the prosecutrix, which they were allegedly wearing at the time of occurrence.
No spearmatozoas were found on the under-wear but they were found on the Petticoat.
She has further stated that as soon as the appellant arrived there and lifted her Petticoat, she identified him and tried to 
raise alarm, but she was prevented as her mouth was gagged by the appellant.
She has further stated that the appellant was wearing a bush-shirt of green colour and trousers.
While mentioning the colour of bushshirt as green, she could not give the colour of the Paijama because of dark night.       
If the night was dark and there was no source of light, how she could identify the appellant and the colour of the bushshirt 
that he was wearing.
As has been stated above, she has stated that as soon as the appellant lifted her Petticoat, she woke up and identified the appellant.
In her statement, during trial, she claims to have identified the appellant immediately after he came over her and lifted her petticoat.
That after she left, accused-appellant-Bhikaram came to Hospital after 10.00 and when he came, picture was going on, but it was stopped as soon as he came.
He bolted the door from inside, took off his pants, laid her on the ground, untied her Salwar and had sexual intercourse with her against her will.
Another aspect is also necessarily to be kept in view while assessing the medical evidence.
It shows that the witness was carrying on the said business at the said address.
According to her she was bleeding and her clothes got smeared with blood but those clothes have not been produced nor any witness who may have seen her wearing those blood-stained clothes.
My eldest son, aged 22 years, resides with me at the aforesaid address.
She went to the extent of saying that her blouse was torn and she suffered injuries on her breasts but suprisingly neither the blouse was seized nor she suffered any injuries on her breast as per the statement of P. W.-1 Dr. S. P. Purohit.
and blood-stained were found on the clothes which were wearing by her at that time and thereafter, they both ran away and when she was returning to her house, her husband PW7 RamChandra met her and she told him that both accused-appellants have committed rape on her and her bangles which were broken at the time of committing rape on her by the accused-appellants were also 
lying on the spot and, thereafter, her husband PW7 Ramchandra reported the whole incident to the parents of the appellant Devilal and they told that they would take him to task.
500/- in her blouse, which she threw.
500/- which was given by the accused- appellants were not put in the blouse by herself, but they were put by accused-appellants in her blouse.
500/-were also put by the accused-appellants in the blouse of the prosecutrix and this fact also goes to show that whatever has taken place between the prosecutrix and the accused-appellants, that has taken place with her consent and this fact further gets support from the point of view that she did not receive any injury and no report was lodged just after the occurrence.Her Petticoat and underwear of accused appellant were seized, vide Exts.
On his discharge her petticoat (Ghaghra) got drenched.
1831 AAT coming from the side of Gwalior and while crossing chambal bridge, tried to make the truck stopped.
However, the truck did not stop and the constables chased the truck.
It stopped at Sagar-pada octroi post.
The truck driver did not stop the truck at her destination and proceeded ahead.
The truck driver did not stop the truck at Kamaredi and proceeded ahead.
The truck driver did not stop the truck at Kamaredi.
When she asked the driver to stop the truck, the driver replied that he will stop the truck ahead.
She found that Sharda's shirt was upto her neck and had a blanket on some part of her body.
When they all wanted to go inside the room, Achey Lal stopped them at the door to prevent them from entering the room and stated that Sharda was like his mother and had not died and was sleeping after taking liquor.