Top: 3, 6, 14, 15, 22, 26, 27, 28, 34, 35, 40, 41, 43, 44
1) She found that Sharda's shirt was upto her neck and had a blanket on some part of her body.
2) Her Petticoat and underwear of accused appellant were seized.. by his discharge her petticoat got drenched.
3) ...were also put by the accused-appellants in the blouse of the prosecutrix and this fact also goes to show that whatever has taken place between the prosecutrix and the accused-appellants, that has taken place with her consent and this fact further gets support
4) She went to the extent of saying that her blouse was torn and she suffered injuries on her breasts but suprisingly neither the blouse was seized nor she suffered any injuries on her breast as per the statement
5) The Chemical Examiner examined the underwear of the appellant and Petticoat of the prosecutrix, which they were allegedly wearing at the time of occurrence.
6) According to her, she changed the dress, informed her mother and left the house. At that time, she was wearing a chain, ear rings and a ring.
7) When Pinki left for market, she was wearing, locket, necklace and ear-rings and also had with her...
8) This massage contains description of the clothes of deceased as - Black T-Shirt, Cream Color pant and red color Sandals.  
9) It is argued on behalf of the prosecution that since the deceased died after brutal assault of fawra on her neck, the accused torn her clothes which she was wearing on her upper portion before having sex with the dead body.
10) ... a half sleeved ladies shirt of blue colour was found in torn condition and front portion of said shirt was torn in two pieces from the middle, the ladies bra of white colour was also torn from one side, the string of the ladies shamiz (undershirt) was also torn.
11) The upper portion of dead body of deceased was naked and her blood stained shirt, undershirt, bra and chunni were found lying near the dead body. 
12) admitted that blood stained clothes including one blue colour shirt, one bra, one white colour shemize of deceased were lying in the room where she was found lying dead
13) The dead body was lying covered with the orange colour saree and upon removing said saree, the upper half of dead body was found naked.
14) legal aid counsel for accused further argued that as per PW4, victim was wearing pant at the time of incident but victim in her statement states that she was wearing kachha at the time of incident
15) She had received injuries and her shirt was torn. Her kurta which she was wearing was also torn off.
Moreover, the complainant in her testimony nowhere stated that her Kurta was torn off in the incident but her parents stated so.
16) She does not recollect as to whether the clothes which she was wearing taken into possession by police or not.
17) ...further deposed that the respondent took off his clothes and her wearing clothes and committed sexual intercourse with her against her will.
18) ...clearly stated that she was murdered and was buried in the field of Het Singh in a pit 5 - 6 feet deep at the direction of Latoori Singh along with his clothes and other belongings such as Kurta, tahamad, baniyain
19) ...after bolting the room from inside, the accused engaged himself on mobile phone and after sometime, he started talking to her in indecent language, drew her towards him, took off his jeans, tore her clothes, pressed her breast and forced himself upon her.
20) ...forcibly made physical relations with her on the pretext of making the said obscene video public and thereafter accused outraged the modesty of the prosecutrix by tearing her wearing clothes
-----
21)Therefore, the delay in lodging the complaint in such cases does not necessarily indicate that her version is false.
22) Furthermore, surprisingly, while the petitioner claimed in her examination-in-chief that she was wearing a pajama and nighty on the alleged date of the incident, the said clothes were not handed over for medical examination
23)shirt, bra, under shirt (Shameez) and Chunni which were lying on the floor were taken into police possession and sealed in a parcel 
24) The prosecutrix was not found wearing undergarments and had taken bath and had changed the clothes.
25) Salwar, Kamij, and Dupatta, which she was wearing at the time of occurrence.
26) They brought short dresses and made her to wear the same and asked her to accompany a boy to a small room
27) Photographs produced with the man’s bail application show the woman wearing “sexual (sic) provocative” dresses, the court order said, adding that based on the court’s first impression her complaint would “not … stand” against the accused.
28) she stated that her mother had thrown away the frock and ghagri that she was wearing at the time of the incident, as all the buttons of the same were broken and the clothes were torn
29) At one place, the prosecutrix described her dress as frock as ghagri, while at a later stage she claimed...
30) that when she used the word frock and ghagri, she meant her school uniform consisting of her shirt of sky blue colour, and ghagri (skirt) of blue colour
31) The sweater and jeans, which the prosecutrix was wearing at the time of incident, were also seized
32) Her mother Neeru Josan handed over a ladies cardigan and jeans pant which the prosecutrix was wearing at the time of incident
33) containing one pajami, one ladies shirt, one underwear and one bra and stated that she was wearing these clothes
34) Testing the testimony of the complainant herein on the touchstone of basic human probabilities, I find that intrinsic worth of her testimony stood shattered during her cross examination especially when she deposed that the distance between the place of incident and her house is 5 Km, she returned home in an auto rickshaw, her wearing clothes including salwar were torn at some places which she had not shown to any one and had given to a beggar
35) In her cross examination, the prosecutrix stated that on the date of occurrence, she was wearing a burqua over skirt and top'
36) According to her she had concealed her skirt and top on reaching her house and she did not tell her mother and sister about it
37) It is further deposed that she was wearing blue color suit but did not remember colour of her salwar
38) She has stated that she was wearing salwar, shirt and sweater at the time of incident
39) It is worth noting that during her cross-examination, PW-5 deposed that she wears bangles in her wrist, but on the day of incident, she was not wearing bangles
40) The prosecutrix, in her statement before the Court had stated that the appellant was wearing a underwear and a baniyan, when he was lying down between them. The brother, however, deposed that the appellant was wearing trousers and he was standing in the room with his trousers pulled down'
41) That the prosecutrix washed out her clothes, which she was wearing at the time of alleged incidents of rape and thus, the corroborative evidence of clothes stained either with blood or semen is missing in this case and from this point of view also, theory of rape cannot be accepted'
42) The Trial Court has also noticed that it has not been established that the pant which he was wearing had a zip or the accused had opened the buttons of the trouser before allegedly committing the rape
43) Malti was aged about 8 years and at the relevant time she was wearing a printed and spotted kamiz and salwar
44) It was further contended that there are other several material contradictions between the testimony of witnesses examined by prosecution as according to the prosecution version accused was wearing pant and shirt at the time of alleged incident whereas another primary witness deposed that accused was wearing only lungi and he was not even wearing underwear

